Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".

Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.

As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2

Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details

Candidate Qualifications


Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union

Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story

At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.

TheRole

While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For

This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
AT&T Wireless Sales Consultant
Hingham, MA 02043
AT&T Wireless Sales Consultant
Company Information: A leading wireless solution and home automation AT&T retailer operating 80+ stores across the Northeast. The Wireless Experience is committed to providing unmatched customer service and product selection. We pride ourselves in making sure your experience with us is second to none. At The Wireless Experience, the difference is clear!
Benefits Information: Retail Sales Consultants are paid a competitive hourly rate and can earn additional monthly commission dollars by meeting and/or exceeding sales objectives.
Job Description:
Develop and attain customer experience and sales objectives for store
Sell all products and services offered by the Company
Meet all sales objectives
Handle all administrative aspects of the sale including: accepting phone and accessory inventory, accepting customer payments
Maintain strong knowledge of all products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions and service features
Handle service inquiries from customers, provide efficient, courteous customer service and assist in all aspects of product offerings and services
Ensure an extraordinary customer experience
Position is commissioned and quota based
General Duties:
The essential functions listed below are representative of duties performed by this job title. Duties generally include but are not limited to the following:
Possess a competitive spirit and desire to meet and exceed sales goals
Stay up-to-date on the latest technology
Understand customers' needs and help them discover how our products meet those needs
Educate and engage customers through product demonstrations
Interact with customers and provide prompt and courteous customer service to all customers
The successful candidate will be able to perform the following with or without reasonable accommodation:
Ability to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends and holidays
Ability to stand for long periods of time
Ability to complete all paperwork completely, accurately, in a timely manner
Ability to operate a personal computer, wireless equipment, copier and fax
Ability to work in other locations as the needs of the business dictate may be required
Complete all aspects of opening and closing the store in accordance with written procedures
Assists with inventory maintenance
Required to wear team colors
Desired Qualifications:
1-3 years retail/customer facing/sales experience preferred

Brand: AT&T
Address: 1 Shipyard Drive Suite 1C Hingham, MA - 02043
Property Description: 39 - AT&T, MA
Property Number: 39
zzz
Wireless Retail Assistant Store Manager (T-MOBILE RETAILER)
Long Beach, CA
The wireless industry is booming and now is the perfect time to get involved with a rapidly developing business. Join the team!What Do YOU Get?!- Growth OPPORTUNITIES in the booming wireless industry- Hourly AND commission pay- Potential monthly bonuses & contests- Employee discounts on plans & accessories-PTO (paid time off)- 401K Plan- Medical, dental & vision insurance- Fun, upbeat work environmentResponsibilities: - Assess customer needs and educate customers with our services and products that fit their needs- Service existing accounts, establish new accounts, handle customer inquiries, and make recommendations- Promote the highest level of customer service- Proactively contact past customers and new prospective customers to ensure they are satisfied with their product and service- Adjust content of sales presentations- Focus sales efforts by studying existing and potential store traffic- Contribute to team effort for store success- Cultivate long-term customer relationships- Meet and exceed individual and team sales goals- Key holder responsibilitiesRequirements: - Minimum 3 years of sales management experience required- Track record of high personal performance- Flexible schedule (willing to work nights, weekends, & holidays)- Reliable transportationJob Type: Full-timeEducation:High school (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Verizon Wireless Sales Representative
Beverly, MA
We are now hiring for full time sales representatives for our Beverly, MA location. (71 Dodge St, Beverly, MA 01915)Requirements:  To be successful in this position you need to be highly motivated, extremely confident, a self-starter with a positive attitude, and possess strong communication skills.*You must have reliable transportation*Candidates subject to a pre-employment background screen*Flexible schedule, with night and weekend availability requiredCompensation:  Competitive base pay plus a generous commission and bonus structure.Responsibilities of Retail Sales Associates include the following (but not limited to):- Proactively greet and prospect customers as they enter the store- Build expertise on products and services by completing online and in-store training modules- Retail Sales of Wireless phones and Equipment- Meet or exceed established sales goals- Build business clientele through in-store customer engagement, referrals and outbound calls- Determine and demonstrate understanding of customer's needs- Partner with tech associates to promote the wireless program and sell mobile broadband devices- Provide an inviting environment for the customers by maintaining a neat and clean sales area- Organize and maintain accurate records and sales contracts- Help other sales associates and be a great team member- Exhibit professionalism through interactions and communications with customers, associates and management- Adhere to all company policies procedures & safety standards- Perform other related duties as assignedIf this role sounds like you and you are ready to set your own financial future selling Verizon cellular products, please feel free to apply via email or through our website link: www.imwireless.net/employment/Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Wireless Sales: 1 year (Preferred)Customer Service: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Verizon Wireless Sales Representative
Stoneham, MA 02180
IM Wireless, a Premium Retailer for Verizon Wireless is now hiring for full time sales representatives for our Lexington , MA location.Be part of great team and bring your competitive game! We offer real career growth opportunities in a place where hard work, creativity and passion are rewarded.Requirements: 1 year sales experience is preferred. Ability to effectively problem solve, exceptional attention to detail, active listening ability and strong leadership skills are needed in order to succeed.Candidate must have night and weekend availability and have reliable transportation.Additional Benefits: Competitive, outstanding commission potentialBenefits for full-time associatesGenerous paid time-off programsPhone service discountsOpportunity for growth and advancementResponsibilities of Retail Sales Associates include the following (but not limited to): - Proactively greet and prospect customers as they enter the store- Build expertise on products and services by completing online and in-store training modules- Retail Sales of Verizon Wireless phones and Equipment- Meet or exceed established sales goals- Build business clientele through in-store customer engagement, referrals and outbound calls- Determine and demonstrate understanding of customer's needs- Partner with tech associates to promote the wireless program and sell mobile broadband devices- Provide an inviting environment for the customers by maintaining a neat and clean sales area- Organize and maintain accurate records and sales contracts- Help other sales associates and be a great team member- Exhibit professionalism through interactions and communications with customers, associates and management- Adhere to all company policies procedures & safety standards- Perform other related duties as assignedIf this role sounds like you and you are ready to set your own financial future selling Verizon products and services, please apply with your resume.Job Types: Full-time, CommissionSalary: $15.00 to $40.00 /hourExperience:sales: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Best Buy AT&T Expert
Saint Cloud, MN 56301
What does a Best Buy AT&T Expert do?
At Best Buy we deliver expert service at unbeatable prices – all in a fun, high-energy, play-to-win environment that is unlike any other. The AT&T Expert is responsible for creating a world-class shopping experience for our customers while meeting their technology needs with AT&T products and services. The AT&T Expert must build quality relationships with retail consumers and provide them with relevant and memorable AT&T product demonstrations. The AT&T Expert provides full-service and solutions support to customers in the AT&T Experience. The AT&T Expert is responsible for delivering profitability by achieving revenue, margin, solutions and operational targets. They also work closely with other employees to demonstrate, promote and sell AT&T products and services within the Mobile Phone department.
A Best Buy AT&T Expert:
Acts as a trusted subject matter expert, brand advocate and product champion for AT&T products and services.
Actively engages customers using selling skills to increase sales of AT&T products and services in the designated AT&T Experience and, secondarily, in the Mobile Phone department.
Takes complex technology and service plans and makes it simple for customers and other employees to understand.
Fields questions about product features and explains benefits to consumers in a way that is engaging and promotes excitement in acquiring and using these products and services.
They are patient, genuine and helpful while assisting customers in finding the right products and services.
Demonstrates for each customer how finding the right products and services can enrich their lives.
Works closely with the rest of the Mobile team to appropriately direct customers to other team members who can provide service to meet their specific needs.
What are the professional requirements for a Best Buy AT&T Expert?
Basic Qualifications
1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field
Ability to work successfully as part of a team
Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends
Preferred Qualifications
Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services
1 year sales experience
1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details

Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs

College Division: USF Health-VP

Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS

Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour

ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:
USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.

POSITION SUMMARY:
Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:
MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.

Information for Applicants

This position is subject to a criminal background check.

Job Opening Number : 16561

Posting Date : 04/16/2018

Posting End Date : Open Until Filled

How To Apply

Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.

Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.

Click here for additional tutorial information.

Equal Employment Opportunity

USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.

Work Location

Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health

USF - Tampa Campus

About USF

The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.

Working at USF

With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.

To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description

POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information

PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
film screenplay writer
Los Angeles, CA
FILM SCREEN PLAY WRITER. WE ARE LOOKING FOR A WOMAN SCREEN PLAY WRITER, FOR A TEAR JERKER SCRIPT, FROM OUR IDEA.Job Type: Commission
zzz
Freelance Directors, KABC-TV
Glendale, CA
ABC7 Los Angeles is seeking a freelance director to join our team to work on news and live local productions. Knowledge of peripheral devices such as VIZ RT Graphics systems, Stratus Servers, and ORAD display systems is a plus. The ideal candidate should have knowledge and/or working experience with Ross Overdrive. Candidate should have a strong sense of newscast structure plus significant hands-on experience operating in a computer assisted environment, with the ability to work efficiently under pressure.

Operational knowledge of ENPS and DALET Newsroom systems is a must. This position interacts with various departments and requires exceptional organizational skills. 482705
zzz
Character Animator (Burbank)
Burbank, CA
Encore VFX looking for a Character Animator
Encore VFX is looking for an Experienced Character Animator.

We are looking for an experienced character animator for a variety of projects, for immediate and future hires in our Burbank and Hollywood facilities.

Requirements:
We are looking for a animator with experience with animating digital doubles, creatures and match moving for integration with live action. Ability to solve problems under short deadlines and fast shot turnaround is a must; prior TV experience is preferred. At least 3 years of combined feature and/or TV production experience or longer needed. Our animation department works in Maya utilizing custom character rigs.

Encore is an Emmy award winning VFX house, providing outstanding visual effects work for television and motion pictures. Some of our past and current projects include The Flash, Supergirl, Legends of Tomorrow, Extant, Homeland, Under the Dome, Ray Donovan, Banshee, The Tomorrow People, Hawaii 5-0, Castle and NCIS. It’s a great fast paced environment where you’re guaranteed not to be bored and will have new challenges every week.

We are accepting Local Applicants only, we are not looking for outsource vendors or off site freelancers. No relocation available. Must be eligible to work in the USA.

Benefits:
To apply for this position please apply with your Resume and current Demo Reel.
zzz
Onsite Graphic Designer (Freelance)
Irvine, CA 92614
K1 Speed Inc, the nation’s indoor electric karting leader and innovator since 2003, is seeking an energetic Graphic Designer .This is a Junior Staff, Full-Time positionA drug test is required prior to employment.Job Functions: Web Design, Ad Design, Artwork Creation for Print and On-line, Maintaining Company WebsiteJob DescriptionK1 Speed is seeking a Graphic Designer to work on in-house creative projects.The Designer will work closely with the Marketing Director to contribute to the design and creative execution of in-house creative projects and further promote the brand. We are looking for someone who is hands-on, self-motivated and has a passion for motorsport.ResponsibilitiesDesign and create advertising artwork materialCreate artwork for blog posts, social media, web and print projectsPrepare artwork & images to optimize for the webMaintain and improve company websitesMaintain corporate imageSpecific SkillsExperience in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesignExperience with Content Management Systems, specifically WordPress and MagentoExperience managing/maintaining a prominent websiteExperience with image optimization and color correctionComfort with both HTML & CSSAbility to meet deadlines on a daily basisAble to work independently with minimal instructionAbility to manage multiple projects simultaneouslyMac user preferredExperience in action sports or Motorsports a huge plus!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Graphic Design: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)
zzz
Museum Archivist
Lakeside, CA 92040
Department: Museum__Location: Museum__Salary/Wage: TBDStatus: Non-Exempt__General Summary: Under the supervision of the Museum Director, in cooperation with the Collections Manager, this position is responsible for the organization and preservation of archival and library collections. Assists researchers and is an educator in related outreaches and culture classes. Flexibility in the assistance of any museum program. Work schedule is Tuesdays-Saturdays, some evenings required.Hours: Tuesday-Saturday-40 hours per weekRelevant Experience Or Requirements: 2 years archives experience required. Knowledge of PastPerfect, LibraryThing and digitization preferred. Knowledge of California Indian History is a plus.Closing Date: Open until filledJob Type: Full-time
zzz
PMC: Junior Programmatic Analyst
Los Angeles, CA 90025
PMC: Junior Programmatic Analyst
Penske Media Corporation (PMC), home to celebrated brands like Variety, Rolling Stone, Deadline, IndieWire, WWD, and many more, is recruiting for a Jr. Programmatic Analyst to join our expanding programmatic team.
Reporting to the Manager of Monetization, the ideal candidate should be a problem solver with excellent analytical and communication skills to oversee Yield Analysis and suggest actionable insights to key stakeholders on the programmatic team.
Responsibilities will include:
Daily optimizations of revenue and yield across entire digital portfolio; all advertising partners
Analyze Bid landscape and identify opportunities
Responsible for managing Demand partner’s vendor accounts and reporting
Assist in Month end revenue reporting and P&L statements. Work closely with the accounting department for accurate reporting and invoicing
Trafficking of ad tags and troubleshooting ad operations issues as needed
Produce weekly, monthly, quarterly action items from data analysis. Help define the larger monetization strategy roadmap
Identify specific areas for revenue lift from data analysis
Continually evaluate CPM, fill rate and effectiveness of individual monetization partners
Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge and experience working with DFP and various SSP vendors – Rubicon Project, IndexExchange, AppNexus a plus
Understanding of the Header bidding programmatic media landscape
Expert level Excel; creating financial spreadsheets, conducting revenue analysis
Detail oriented- a numbers focused individual that can manage multiple concurrent tasks
Experience with various reporting tools, web analytics, etc.
Experience working with agencies to optimize campaigns and KPIs
Nice to have:
Knowledge of programmatic ad tech products
Experience buying media or traffic through Exchanges, Facebook, etc.
Ad operations background

About PMC:
Penske Media Corporation (PMC) is a leading digital media and information services company whose award-winning content attracts a monthly audience of more than 180 million and empowers more than 1 million global CEOs and business thought-leaders in markets that impact the world. Our dynamic events, data services, and rich content entertain and educate today’s fashion, retail, beauty, entertainment and lifestyle sectors. Headquartered in New York and Los Angeles with additional offices in 11 countries worldwide, Penske Media is the way global influencers are informed, connected, and inspired. To learn more about PMC and its iconic brands, visit www.pmc.com.
zzz
Trader III, Real-Time
El Centro, CA 92243
The Imperial Irrigation District a public utility located in southeastern CA is seeking a Trader III, Real-time to forecast and meet hourly district real-time electric power requirements; monitor power load conditions, conduct hourly analysis, develop trading strategies and determine the most economical power source alternatives; plan and schedule resources to meet load forecast; negotiate sale, purchases and interchanges of electricity and gas with other utilities, energy marketers, energy brokers and the California Independent System Operator (CAISO). Performs other duties as assigned. Salary:  $106,068 to $135,374 (Annual) Current DMV driving record must accompany job application. Apply on-line at www.iid.com/jobs. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of mandatory on-line completion of district application; however, resumes may be included as an attachment. Closing date May 10, 2018. Please cite ad when responding. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYERJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $106,000.00 to $135,000.00 /year
zzz
Entry Level Project Manager
Pasadena, CA
BSS is searching for an Entry Level Client Services Project Manager who possesses excellent verbal and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal relationship skills, and has the ability to manage and complete tasks within prescribed deadlines.This person must have the will to consistently deliver an excellent work product, and the desire to learn and grow professionally on an on-going basis.The Client Services Project Manager position is based in our headquarters in Pasadena, California, but it requires approximately 30-to-40% travel domestically primarily, and at times internationally.Responsibilities: Plan and manage projects from inception to deliveryInteract and build excellent rapport with clients to ensure complete satisfaction of product deliveryCommunicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders to set timetables and deadlinesGenerate written documents that may be in the form of briefs, reports, scripts, and other related formatsPerform thorough quality assurance of deliverablesAttend site-visits with fellow BSS employeesIn addition, from time to time the Client Services Project Manager will be assigned special projects and other duties by the company’s President and CEO.Qualifications: The successful Client Services Project Manager candidate must possess the following skills and capabilities:Excellent leadership, critical thinking, creative problem solving, and excellent interpersonal relationship skillsAbility to communicate clearly and concisely in English, verbally and in writingAbility to work independently in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environmentExceptional organizational and multi-tasking skills to successfully perform concurrent tasksRequired Education and Experience: Degree from an accredited U.S. university or college is required1-3 years of Leadership experience in the U.S. is idealRate of Pay: NegotiableBenefits: Health, Vision, DentalThis is a great opportunity to join a winning team. BSS offers a competitive compensation package with opportunities for growth and professional development. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.Recruiters, please do not contact us for this job post, or to sell unsolicited services or offers.Job Type: Full-timeRequired experience:Leadership Development: 1 yearCustomer Relations: 1 yearProject Coordination: 1 yearRequired education:Bachelor'sJob Location:Pasadena, CARequired license or certification:Driver's License
zzz
Freelance Social Media Copywriter
Playa Vista, CA
Bad Brain is a global marketing group focusing on consumer segments. We are currently in need of a social media writer who has advanced reading comprehension skills and can distill scientific ideas into bite-sized copy for the layman on social media. Background in health and fitness is a plus.This position will work remote, though we prefer you live in L.A.Requirements:U.S. CITIZENS ONLY.Experience calendaringExperience creating, managing, and analyzing content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedInAbility to work independently and without much guidance (if you hate being micromanaged -- you’ll love this job!)Bachelor’s degreePreferredM.B.A. or J.D. (1-2 years experience)3 years experienceExperience with a health or fitness brand (client is in both)Salary: $20-$30 commensurate with experience and education.This position will start ASAP.Job Types: Part-time, ContractSalary: $20.00 to $30.00 /hourExperience:Copywriting: 3 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Organizer in Training (OIT)
Los Angeles, CA
[Organizing-in-Training] - We offer an Annual salary, Full Benefits, and Professional DevelopmentSEIU Local 2015 is California’s Long Term Care workers organization that will unleash the collective power of long term care workers, their families, and their communities, harness the power of technology, and build a broad movement to disrupt the unjust status quo in order to bring lasting transformational change towards a more just society for all.The Company: SEIU Local 2015 is a diverse, ethical, and transparent 21st Century worker organization leading with vision, understanding, clarity, and agility, thereby thriving in an ever-changing world. Through the work of our members, by building partnerships, and embracing innovation and education, SEIU Local 2015 long term care workers will have achieved quality jobs that deliver livable wages, retirement security, respect, and the right to a union for all.The Position :We’re looking for applicants whom are looking to become Organizers-in-Training, an entry-level position. The starting salary is $50,526.23. We also offer the following benefits:Health, vision, dental, life, and voluntary lifeParticipation in our pension planA generous car allowance (at $650 per month)Opportunities for growth and development.Requirements :The ability to work with people from other cultures and backgroundsHaving a valid drivers’ license, use of a car for work, and automobile insurance are mandatoryconditions of employment in this role.Willingness and ability to travel throughout state of CaliforniaResponsibilities:  *  Assess, identify, recruit, and develop workers into activists and leaders via house visits, worksite visits, and organizing meetingsPlan one’s own work as assigned; make and execute daily, weekly, and monthly work plans based on assigned goals and objectivesEngage in strategic thinking to assess issues, evaluate a campaign and its components, and achieve goals of the union in the fieldLocations: Fresno, Los Angeles, Sacramento County, San Bernardino County, San Joaquin County, Alameda County and Northern Counties, CATo Apply For This Position: Please include a detailed resume, cover letter, a one-page writing sample and the name, job title, address and phone number of three professional references with your submission.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $50,526.23 /year
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".

Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.

As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2

Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details

Candidate Qualifications


Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union

Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".

Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.

As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2

Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details

Candidate Qualifications


Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union

Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".

Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.

As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2

Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details

Candidate Qualifications


Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union

Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story

At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.

TheRole

While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For

This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description

POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information

PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions

Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.

Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.

We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!

Qualifications


Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs

Technical Requirements

Computing Minimum Specifications

Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)

Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials

For Windows Systems

RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports

Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.

What we offer

Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations

Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa

Education

High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose

The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook

Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Location: Montross, VA

ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.

POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.

PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log

MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities

BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com

We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative
Township of Woodbridge, NJ
Dispatcher/Customer ServiceAlliance Shippers Inc. is currently seeking a full-time Dispatcher/Customer Service to join our team in New Jersey!The Role: The Dispatcher/Customer Service Representative is responsible for:Making delivery appointments, tracking and tracing shipments, update spreadsheets, etc.The Candidate: Computer literacy and knowledge of Excel is requiredNights and weekends are mandatorySome college requiredTransportation experience is a plus, but will train the right personThe Company: Alliance Shippers, Inc. is one of North America’s largest independently—owned providers of global logistics and transportation services. Through our regional and international sales and operating facilities strategically located in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, Alliance Shippers, Inc. offers customers worldwide a full-service/single-source team approach solution to The Perfect Shipment® in the following sectors:Temperature ControlHighway BrokerageIntermodal/RailInternational Air & OceanCustoms BrokerageWarehousingLTL ServicesThe Benefits: Alliance Shippers offers:Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, Prescription Drug CoverageHealth Care Spending AccountDisability and Life insurance401K Employee PlanPaid Holidays and VacationCareer Advancement PotentialNo Agencies Please! Resumes must be attached to your response.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $18.00 to $19.00 /hourExperience:Transportation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)
zzz
Maintenance Person
Kinross, MI
Required Licenses. Michigan CDL. with A-N endorsementRequired Education/Training. Must have basic mechanical and electrical repair knowledge. Must be available to attend out of town/overnight training when requested. Must be able to take and pass written or oral examination, as well as physical examination relating to ability to perform job duties.Job Duties. Responsible for repairs and maintenance of Township buildings and equipment.Ensure all wastewater treatment plant equipment is functioning properly, repair or report to supervisor as necessary.Rotate weekly on 24- hr ON Call status, to respond to any repair emergency.Maintain all backup equipment in proper working order.Perform periodic maintenance on equipment according to manufacturers instructions.Operate heavy equipment (loader, backhoe, bulldozer, dump truck, vactor truck, etc.) as necessary.Flush fire hydrantsInstall/repair hydrants and underground water/sewer lines as necessary.Keep trucks clean and organized.Empty and clean grease cans, skimming cans, and garbage cans.Haul dumpsters to landfill.Understand and support the policies in the Safety Manual of Kinross Township.Read and understand grid maps.Perform Miss Digs.Perform any other duties as assigned by supervisor.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.33 to $19.37 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Michigan CDL A (Preferred)
zzz
CAM Assistant - Front Office Customer Service
Orange Park, FL 32073
The CAM Team is looking for an employee who has a background in providing customer service with a smile. The position is for a front office employee/Community Association Manager Assistant (CAM) that can provide stellar customer service. Additionally, someone who is detail-oriented, well organized and a multitasker with a positive attitude. Proficiency in Microsoft applications, outlook and typing are a must.Responsibilities include but, are not limited to: Answering phones, responding to emails, recording calls logs, relaying information to the CAMs, contacting vendors to place work orders, follow up on work orders and responding to homeowner requests via both phone and email. Clearly communicate with CAMs, Board members, homeowners and residentsJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Office Administration: 1 year (Preferred)
zzz
Account Manager- Eastern Connecticut
Connecticut
We’re looking for account managers from all different backgrounds to join our regional sales team. This is no ordinary sales job, as ours is a uniquely high performing and supportive working culture.
Who is Hilti?
If you’re new to the industry, you might not have heard of us. We provide leading-edge tools, technologies, software and services for the global construction sector. We have a proud heritage, built over 75 years, and a worldwide reputation for pioneering products and exceptional service. With some 24,000 people in more than 120 countries, which we’re looking to expand, we’re a great place for you to show us your worth, step up to new challenges and grow your career.
What does the role involve?
As an account manager, you’ll be visiting our customers, wherever they’re busy working, to find out how we can help them. You could find yourself on construction sites and nuclear plants or in offices and warehouses.

Ours is a model of professional, consultative selling and it’s a really hands-on job. It means rolling up your sleeves to demonstrate some of the most pioneering products in the industry, while selling our state-of-the-art software along with all the services and aftercare that come with the Hilti name. Far from traditional cold calling, it’s about building relationships with warm and responsive customers and helping them find the most innovative and cost-efficient solutions for their needs.
We have more than 200,000 interactions with our customers every day. It’s how we get to know their businesses, understand their needs and develop the precise products and services that will help them.
What do we offer?
We’ll give you everything you need to excel in your role, including your own van full of tools and one-to-one coaching. You’ll enjoy a rare combination of autonomy and camaraderie, as you’ll manage your own book of business while being part of a friendly team.
We’ll give you lots of responsibility, including your own portfolio of customers and these might be trades experts, project managers, or company leaders. From there, we’ll trust you to do whatever it takes to deliver outstanding results. Go the extra mile and we’ll reward you with unrivaled training, development, and career opportunities as soon as you’re ready for the next challenge.

Day to day you’ll report to your regional sales manager, who will also be there to help you manage your career.
Why should you apply?
We have an excellent mix of people and some of our best account managers joined us with little or no construction experience. Success at Hilti is down to teamwork and ability, no matter what your background.
What you need is:
Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience.
Previous outside sales experience with proven track record of success of growing sales to a loyal customer base while strengthening the company’s position and market share within assigned territory
Ability to thrive both independently and in a team environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop engaged customer relationships and effectively implement strategic concepts.
Excellent time and territory management skills.
Must be persuasive, sales driven, customer focused, and a team player.
Proficient computer skills including MS Office Suite, and smartphones.
Must maintain a professional business appearance in accordance with HNA dress policy at all times.
Career advancement may require domestic and/or global mobility.
A company vehicle is provided for carrying tools/fasteners for product demonstration purposes. Employee must have valid US driver’s license and the ability to operate a motor vehicle and comply with HNA Fleet Safety Policy requirements.
As part of your interview process, we’ll take you on a day-in-the-life ‘field ride’ to give you a feel for the job and the caliber of our people. We’ll also pay for your travel to the interview.

Hilti, Inc is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
zzz
Marketing Manager (eCommerce and Brand Strategy)
Jersey City, NJ
Hi, we’re Nuts.com!
We’re changing the landscape of snacking on nuts, dried fruit, chocolate and more! We planted our roots in Newark, New Jersey during the Great Depression, selling premium nuts on Mulberry Street’s open air market. We’ve come quite a long way since then, taking our multigenerational family business online in 1999. Even after 90 years, we continue to pride ourselves in expertly sourcing the highest quality foods and treating our customers like family.

What’s our team like? We’re driven, collaborative, and entrepreneurial. Energy and passion power our business and we look for candidates who share in that excitement to help us continue to build something special.

The role
The Marketing Manager is fundamental to helping us live into our brand positioning and growing the business by building our content strategy, media strategy, and channel strategy.This cross-functional role demands versatility, requiring a plethora of skills including critical thinking + analysis, proactive research, coordination across organizational disciplines, creative strategy, and tech fluency. This person must be entrepreneurial, curious, empathic, persuasive, insightful, and analytical, with strong verbal and written communication abilities. S(he) is ultimately responsible for defining, protecting and facilitating the brand’s expression, relevancy, and continued evolution.

What you'll do


Aid in developing and realizing core messaging pillars for and in content
Implement platform strategy for organic content, media, and eCommerce
Monitor & report on content/campaign performance across channels (site, media, email)
Continually absorb and leverage performance data as well as relevant customer and category trends to inform creative briefs
Inject best practices and emerging trends into marketing initiatives
Partner with other disciplines across the company to identify marketing/comms needs and spearhead their implementation
Partner with Sourcing to identify new merchandising opportunities
Collaborate with Media Manager to ensure the brand strategy is informing media strategy, and that optimization is on-going
Share out learnings from campaign and channel work with others within the organization

Strategy Focuses


Creative brief development and multichannel content calendar ownership
Synthesize a variety of inputs (many of which are listed above) to provide clear and actionable direction for the creative team to concept and execute against
Content strategy development
Help us to continue to evolve what we share with consumers of all segments to continually deepen resonance and relevance
Customer analysis:
Digging into our different customer segments to better understand their needs and values
Category analysis
Keeping a pulse on challenges, realities, and innovations within our industry which could inform what we talk about or even the product lines we sell
Competitive analysis
Tracking the brands we compete with to ensure the team remains aware of their messaging, campaigns and product focuses
Performance analysis
Measuring key awareness, engagement and efficiency metrics to track the effectiveness of marketing channels
Partnership exploration and vetting
Proactive and reactive assessment of brands or organizations that may complement our ethos or products

What you'll bring


4-year college degree
5+ years of consumer marketing experience with at least 3 years digital or eCommerce experience
Proficiency in Google Analytics or equivalent
With an understanding of website metrics, and hands-on experience conducting data analysis and reporting
Social media strategy expertise
Strong grasp on platform nuances and capabilities for both organic and paid content (esp. Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Comfort in a fast-paced, but also entrepreneurial and continually evolving environment
Experience working with influencers or bloggers, a plus

What we offer


A challenging role in a rapidly evolving business
Competitive compensation, benefits, and 401K Match
Paid Maternity, Adoption and Paternity leave
Other evolving office perks like chair massages & team building events
A casual work environment (jeans and sneakers are A-O-K!)
And all the Nuts.com snacks your heart desires + a phenomenal 40% employee discount!


zzz
Administrative Assistant
Albany, NY 12205
Must have excellent customer service skills, phone skills, computer skills, be self-motivated, and a team player in a busy office.35-40 hours per week$14.00 per hour, plus healthcareAnswer phones, assist customers with general inquiries and take paymentsIssue certificates of insurance and process policy endorsementsTrack daily processing and track policies in pending cancellationAssist agents and provide any necessary clerical supportAt least 1- 3 years experience in customer service requiredExperience in an administrative position preferredMust have reliable transportationPlease submit cover letter and resume, along with two referencesJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $14.00 /hour
zzz
Title Processing / Cashiering
Ortonville, MI 48462
This is an amazing opportunity to work for a company that is expanding to a new part of the state. All training for this position will be held in Byron Center Michigan, Miedema will compensate new employees travel expenses and mileage to the training area. Training will take place over two weeks.

Summary of position:
To collect, correct and verify that all titled vehicles, motor homes, watercrafts, trailers etc. are present and available before the auction. As well as handle any problems with titles and to keep accurate records of all titles. To be friendly, fast and patient in taking all payment forms from customers. To be clear and respectful when informing customers about Repocast policies. To kindly direct customers in next step in pick up process.

Company Summary:
Miedema Asset Management Group offers a comprehensive employee benefit program to eligible full time employees and their families. We offer a custom benefit store that provides the opportunity to select a benefit package that best fits your personal needs. We offer a choice of 8 different medical plans as well as many voluntary options that will supplement your coverage and provide income protection for you and your family.

We also offer paid sick, personal and vacation time after a full year of employment. Also an employer match 401k plan for all employees.

Repocast.com a Miedema company, provides employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or veteran status, and base all such employment decisions upon the individual’s qualifications and ability to perform the work assigned.

Qualifications & Requirements

Excellent customer service skills

High school Diploma

Ability to answer phones

Problem solver

Good verbal and written skills

Punctual

Organized

Dependable

Clear penmanship

Team player

Well spoken

Math proficiency

Computer skills (web browsers, MS Office, email)

Recommended but not required

Title Experience with vehicles or boats

Experience with Police book

Essential Job Functions

Title Based work

Completing Title prep for each Repocast auction

Know Title and Lien Release procedure

Look up Secretary of State Website and Vin #’s when needed

Print titled vehicle report for auction

Correspond with AFC/DSC/ Other floor plan institutes regarding dealer titles and securing titles

Verify that every item in auction that needs a title has one

Typing of RD-180’s

Updating Police BookMoving items in titles are not received

Cashier Based work

Taking payment from customers who purchased won auction items

Balance check books weekly/reconcile monthly

Count down drawer accurately at end of shift

Use the telecheck machine, credit card machine, and gift card machine

Fill out all forms while cashiering

Other Responsibilities

Answer phones, emails, and other messages.

Know check in Equipment process

Understand and communicate clearly our refund policy to customers

Work with both the consignor and the check in office to fix any issues that may arise

Filing and Mailing

Know our shipping, and refund process

Other duties as requested by manager
zzz
Front Desk Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Raleigh, NC
We are looking for a responsible, motivated front desk team member to help us with general administrative, front desk and scheduling for a new men's health center.We prefer someone looking for a full time opportunity.Monday-Friday, One Saturday/month.Preferred background in medical / salon front deskMust have good phone skills and a good work ethic.No phone calls!Salary plus bonus.Please reply with a resume and Linkedin profile if you have one.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeExperience:Administrative: 1 year (Required)
zzz
Administrative Assistant
Menlo Park, CA
(Menlo Park, CA)
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Facebook is seeking an experienced Administrative Assistant to support 2-3 Directors.

The person in this role will need to be a masterful problem-solver and an organizational force given complex calendaring and heavy travel planning. Additionally, the ideal candidate will have exceptional communication skills, and will be resourceful in building relationships across the larger Facebook ecosystem.

This position is full-time.
Responsibilities
Coordinate internal and external meetings for multiple executives
Manage hectic and complex calendars
Prepare expense reports and purchase requisitions
Coordinate both domestic and international travel arrangements
Organize space planning and large offsite events
General office duties as needed
Build cross-functional relationships between departments
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience providing administrative support to 1 or more executives
2+ years of experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of 1 or more executives
2+ years of calendar management and expense report management experience for 1 or more executives
Experience prioritizing multiple projects
Experience with Microsoft Office
Preferred Qualifications
BA/BS
We're proud to be the #1 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor's Employees' Choice awards. Learn more: www.fb.careers/fb1
zzz
Field Marketing Representative
Connecticut
We are looking for a brilliant field marketing representative who will deliver a wide range of activities across the marketing mix to help raise awareness, generate new leads and ensure high client retention, by promoting beqom’s products and services, brand and message worldwide.

What you will be doing


Assisting with the research, development and delivery of events which are commercially viable and attract new audiences. We are participating to events in Europe and North America.
Managing the production of specific marketing assets required for the successful delivery of the field marketing initiatives
Supporting events through marketing campaigns (digital and direct mailing) including briefing, message creation, production, delivery and reporting
Attending tradeshows and events
Ensuring all field marketing-related data & records are kept up to date in the right systems (briefs, budget, leads & opportunities, reports)
Identifying and mapping out appropriate processes to support the management and execution of field marketing activities
Developing & updating marketing calendar
Tracking and reporting the events budget
Tracking and reporting lead generation KPI on field marketing activities
Managing external vendors – designers, printers, agencies
Monitoring industry trends, competitor analysis around HR Tech and Sales Performance Management events

How you will achieve the role

Essential


Minimum 3 years of field marketing experience
A proven track record of running effective marketing campaigns and events
Experience of managing the delivery of marketing collateral including briefing designers, agencies and printers
Excellent copywriting & project management skills
Strong knowledge of Salesforce & Hubspot
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office essential
Proficient in English

Nice to have


Previous experience working with the B2B software industry would be highly desirable
Commercially driven
Self-motivated
Excellent communication and negotiation skills
Ability to work independently and as a part of the team

Location: Nyon CH / CT (USA).

Benefits


A dynamic and very international working environment favouring initiative and autonomy
Support of entrepreneurial behaviour in a fast growing new office location
Annual company kick-off to meet all global employees; always somewhere fun and exciting!
Strong company culture: check our Glassdoor reviews !

Send an email to hr@beqom.com describing briefly why you should join us.

Please apply
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information
PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Security Guard
Montross, VA 22520
Security Guard
Location: Montross, VA
ABOUT THE O’GARA GROUP:
O’Gara Training and Services division is focused on training to enhance personal survivability, provide tactical security training for law enforcement, security, homeland security, and counter terrorism professionals and technical risk mitigation, survivability and security service solutions in complex international environments.
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Security Guard is a part-time on-call (PTOC) position and will work as part of a team with a flexible schedule set by Management.
PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Greet visitors and check ID against visitor log
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
High School diploma/GED
Prior experience working with military and law enforcement entities
BASIC SKILLS AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Must be alert and able to respond to situations throughout shift
Familiar with security patrol and safety procedures
Comply with all safety procedures and requirements
Ability to work unsupervised as needed and in austere environments day or night
Ability to work in a culturally diverse environment
Maintain a professional behavior at all times
Ability to establish and maintain a good working relationship with fellow employees
Able to pass a Criminal Background Investigation
Current unrestricted driver’s license
Flexible work schedule
Perform other duties as assigned
To be considered for the above position with O’Gara Training and Services, LLC, apply online with a DETAILED resume at our website: www.ogaragroup.com
We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit Retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination.
zzz
Job Description
Davidson, NC
Performs general duty law enforcement work to protect life and property in the Town.
Distinguishing Features of the Class
An employee in this class performs a full range of general law enforcement duties. Work includes patrolling the
Town during an assigned shift in a police car or on foot; preventing, detecting and investigating disturbances and
crime; performing traffic control work; apprehending suspects; and executing related assignments. Employees must
exercise judgment, initiative and calm control when performing duties. Work involves frequent public contact
which requires tact, firmness and decisiveness. Work is performed in accordance with departmental policy and state
and federal law, supplemented with specific directions form superior officers. Employees are subject to hazards
associated with law enforcement work including working in both inside and outside environments, in extreme hot
and cold weather, and exposure to various hazards such as dangerous persons, loud noises, and hazardous spills
with fumes, oils, gases, or flammable liquids. Work is subject to the final OSHA standards on blood borne
pathogens. Work is performed under general supervision and is evaluated through observation, monitoring radio
traffic, discussion, and review of reports for adherence to laws, department procedures, and proper judgment.
Duties and Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Tasks

Patrols streets in a police car or on foot; checks doors and windows; examines premises of
unoccupied residences or buildings; detects unusual conditions, may maintain surveillance and
observation for stolen cars; missing persons, or suspects; report dangerous or defective streets,
sidewalks, traffic lights, or other hazardous conditions.

Responds to calls for assistance, complaints, suspicious activity, domestic
disputes, loud and disruptive behavior; completes calls by determining true nature of situation and
taking whatever legal or persuasive action is warranted.

Investigates traffic accidents; issues traffic citations; directs traffic and participates in other
emergency operation activities.

Performs investigations of accidents or possible crimes through observation, questioning witnesses,
and gathering physical evidence; performs investigative tasks, arrests and processes criminal
suspects; presents findings in court.

Issues citations for violation of traffic regulations, serves warrants; apprehends and processes
criminal suspects and transports to magistrate and/or County detention facilities.

Regulates and directs vehicular traffic at busy times at local schools and when traffic signal
malfunctions or accidents require.

Operates a two-way radio to receive instructions and information from/or to report information to
police headquarters or central communications; maintains vehicle, weapons, and other equipment in
standard working order.

Monitors adherence to parking ordinance and issues tickets for violations.

1

Prepares records and reports of activities.

Advises the public on laws and local ordinances; serves papers as needed.

Additional Job Duties

Provides bank deposit and funeral escorts.

Assists stranded motorists; gives information and directions to visitors and
the general public.

Performs other related duties as required.

Recruitment and Selection Guidelines

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of state and federal laws, local ordinances and
policies of the police department, especially relating to search and seizure, traffic control, pursuit,
and arrest.

Working knowledge of law enforcement principles, practices, methods,
and equipment.

Some knowledge of scientific crime detection and criminal identification
methods and procedures.

Skill in the use of firearms and other police equipment and in the
application of self-defense tactics.

Ability to act with sound judgment in routine and emergency situations.

Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written forms.

Ability to present effective court testimony.

Ability to prepare clear and concise activity reports.

Ability to build and maintain cooperative and effective public relations with citizens.

Ability to build and maintain effective working relationships with
co-workers, supervisors, and other public officials.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to physically perform the basic life operational functions of
standing, walking, hearing, kneeling, reaching, feeling, grasping, pushing, pulling, bending, climbing,
crawling, fingering, and performing repetitive motions.

Must be able to perform medium work exerting up to 50 pounds of force
occasionally; 20 pounds frequently; and 10 pounds constantly.

Must possess the visual acuity to operate a police vehicle and distinguish
details and differences when observing people, places, or things on patrol.

Desirable Experience and Education
Graduation from high school and completion of basic law enforcement training; possession of a Basic Law
Enforcement Certificate preferred; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Special Requirements
Before assignment to sworn duties, employees must possess a valid North Carolina driver’s license and have
completed at least the minimum requirement established by the North Carolina Justice Training and Standards
Commission for certified law enforcement officers with prospects of successfully completing the entire certification
process within prescribed time frames.

2

Special Note: This generic class description gives an overview of the job class, its essential job functions, and
recommended job requirements. However, for each individual position assigned to this class, there is available a
completed job questionnaire with a physical abilities checklist which can give further details about that one specific
position. Those documents should be reviewed before initiating a selection process. They can provide additional
detailed information on which to base various personnel actions and can assist management in making legal and
defensible personnel decisions.

Classification: NON-EXEMPT

3
zzz
Call Center Representative
Magnolia, TX 77354
Gold's Gym Houston is looking for a Call Center Representative who can provide high quality customer service. Major responsibility is assisting with account updates.

Duties

Show up to work on time dressed in business casual attire.

Have full knowledge of CRM Software system.

Obtain daily goal for contacts and account resolution.

Call all members utilizing CRM software provided. CRM software has preset schedule provided for contacting members. There may be times when a separate call list will be provided for targeted groups.

Follow scripts provided in CRM as a guide to establish consistent communication and reach goals

Provide members with accurate information about Gold’s Gym brand, amenities and its program. Keep current on Company pricing and promotion schedule.

Track progress in CRM software

Communicate regularly with Gold’s Gym locations about member concerns, updates and discrepancies.

Establish sound relationship with members through use information card and actively listening to member needs.

Maintain accurate records of all Company-sponsored and employee-sponsored information in approved CRM software.

Maintain a clean and orderly work station and work space.

Maintain complete knowledge of information on club policy and procedure, membership agreement, membership termination, club history background, philosophy, facilities, staff and policies.

Enforce Company policies and procedures as they pertain to gym operations.

Project a polished, professional image at all times

Assumes responsibility for developing customer service and sales skills. Prepares for, attends and actively participates in company meetings.

Maintains a positive relationship with the rest of the staff. Supports other staff in achieving their goals

Participates in all scheduled meetings as directed by Management

Required Skills

Good communication skills

Good customer service skills

Obtain required CPR/AED certification

Obtain required Smart Fitness training

Be able to function effectively in a fast-paced environment

Operate phone, software and standard office equipment effectively

Basic recordkeeping skills
zzz
Administrative Secretary (W)
West Virginia
Requires: 6 yrs. secretarial experience. College or post-secondary training may substitute for some experience. Performs administrative secretary duties under the guidance of an administrator. Provides support services to administrator by supplying specific information, composing reports and correspondence, and taking initiative to recommend actions, or by taking action in modifying and/or improving unit procedures, policies, rules and regulations. May offer some clerical support to administrative superior, often in matters which must remain confidential.

This announcement is used to maintain an applicant pool for current and future hiring needs statewide. Most jobs are in Kanawha Co. Vacancies may occur in other locations. If you qualify, your application and test record will be active for one year. Your opportunity for agency referral and possible interview may depend on the number of qualified applicants and their relative test results.

How to Apply: Apply online. Public access computers are available at many libraries, and at Workforce WV Offices. Do NOT use a paper application unless you cannot apply online. If you must use a paper application due to disability, please call our office for special instructions.

Testing Process: This job (Administrative Secretary) requires written (W) and typing exams. The same written examination is used for: Office Assistant 1, 2 , 3 (non-typing and typing), Secretary 1, 2 , Administrative Secretary, and Lottery Business Support Technician 1, 2. YOU MUST APPLY SEPARATELY FOR EACH TITLE. ALWAYS APPLY PRIOR TO TESTING. You only need to take the test once to be scored for the titles for which you have applied. No testing appointment is necessary. Applicants who are authorized and must use a paper application must present the completed application form at the test site. Online applicant are NOT required to take a copy of the online application to a test center.

No test study guides are available. See the information and test centers list below. Testing schedules, locations, and other information can be viewed at our Job Opportunities Web Site

DO NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU CAN TEST WITHIN 90 DAYS. Applicants who do not test within 90 days of online application will be rejected.
Positive identification is required. There is a 90 day re-test waiting period. Caution: Any time you re-test your new score will replace any previous test score.

NEW TYPING TEST. Effective, March 1, 2014, we will no longer administer typing tests at our Testing Centers. As of that date applicants for any clerical job (Office Assistant, Secretary, etc.) that requires typing skills will have 15 days after completing the written test to complete a special online typing test. The typing test may be taken at any available internet connected computer (home, WorkForce WV office, library, etc.). Applicants who have completed the written test will receive a Typing Test Instructions sheet from the test administrator. This Instructions sheet contains complete instructions on accessing the special typing test Web site. The sheet will indicate a special Access Code. You must test within 15 days to avoid expiration of the Access Code. For more detailed information about Clerical Examinations procedures Click Here

If you have previously applied for this job and simply want to update your ID (name, address, etc.), work preferences, or county availability, do not re-apply. Instead, send us a letter.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Training: Graduation from a standard four-year high school or the equivalent.

Experience: Six years of full-time or equivalent part-time paid experience in secretarial work, two years must have included administrative support or complex clerical duties.

Substitution: Successful full-time study in a regionally accredited college or university, or resident business or vocational school training may be substituted through an established formula for the required experience.
Your application will not be processed without verification documents. Attach to online application or Send to: Division of Personnel, 1900 Kanawha Blvd. E., Charleston, WV 25305 - 0139.

Test Centers.
No appointments are made. Apply online. Then, report at the Test Center of your choice. Your application will be inactivated if you do not test within 90 days. Close the new window to return here.

Click Here for Test Center Locations and Schedules

Beckley, Bluefield, Bridgeport/Nutter Fort, Charleston, Elkins, Farmington, Huntington, Martinsburg, Moorefield, Parkersburg, Welch, Wheeling, White Sulphur Springs
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Class Code: 9020
zzz
Work@Home agent openings for Oklahoma
Oklahoma
About Sitel Work@Home Solutions
Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ is a virtual employee-based team supporting global fortune 500 companies in the insurance, retail (clothing, toy) travel & leisure, sport and telecommuting industries, just to name a few.
Sitel believes that great customer experiences are powered by people who love what they do and were they work. Our culture is one that invests in the growth and development of our human capital – you.
 We hope you’ll consider joining the Sitel Work@Home Solutions™ team!
Qualifications
Prior customer service experience
Sales experience
Prefers working in virtual self-management/self- motivated environment
Excellent verbal and listening skills
Professional and articulate voice
Home office that is noise & distraction free
Ability to provide superior customer service while navigating multiple systems including the use of chat to ask and receive internal support
Excels working in a fast paced environment with evolving business needs
Technical Requirements
Computing Minimum Specifications
Desktop or Laptop (Apple/Mac, Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook, & Android systems are NOT compatible)
Operation system – Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10
All peripherals must be wired (Wireless Keyboard, Mouse, or Headset are NOT allowed)
A separate 19” Monitor with 1280×1024 minimum resolution (this does not include monitors associated with an All-In-One or AIO unit)
Anti-Virus – Windows Defender or Microsoft Essentials
For Windows Systems
RAM – Required 4 GB for Windows 7, Windows 8 & Windows 10
Processor Speed – Dual Core 2 Ghz or better
Free Space – 20 GB
2 available USB ports
Internet – Minimum Specifications:
Internet speed – download speed 1.5 MB; upload speed 1.5MB
ISP must be highly stable with no packet loss and latency under 100ms
DSL or Broadband Required – WiFi, WiMax, Satellite, dial-up, and/or Hotspots are NOT allowed
Home Router with wired link to PC
Sitel requires Internet not be used for non-work related purpose during working hours; including media streaming, ripping, gaming, or other web usage by other members of household that may negatively impact your networks performance.
What we offer
Unique opportunity to work from the comfort of your own home while earning a regular hourly paycheck
Paid training
Set schedules – majority of shifts are 31-40 hours/week with other opportunities available
Career advancement opportunities, 70% of our leaderships roles come from internal promotions
Medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
401(K) Retirement Match
Opportunities to earn additional income through incentive opportunities
Vacation and holiday pay
Employee discounts with Sitel’s many major brand-name partners
World class virtual team / coaching work environment
Locations
Owasso, Bartlesville, Tulsa
Education
High school diploma or equivalent
zzz
Entry Level System Services Representative -Charleston, WV
West Virginia
Job Description
IBM seeks to hire an entry level System Services Representative. This role is an entry level position for an individual contributor responsible for on-site installation, maintenance and repair of IBM and multi-vendor systems and components, including hardware, networking products, software and operating systems. They are the primary technical interface to clients for the coordination of hardware and/or software support and delivery of operational services as required by the client. They advise clients of preventive maintenance, configuration, operation and environmental factors which may impact product performance or impair client's IT operation. They may also perform services activities such as systems assurance, installation planning, account management, systems-level problem determination, discontinuance and relocation of IBM and non-IBM systems and products. They are accountable to ensure a high level of client satisfaction with service delivery, technical support and operational services for the client account(s). When critical situations occur, they are the IBM technical interface to clients and manage the situation until the problem is fixed. Can work in both consumer homes or enterprise environments.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

6 months computer hardware
customer service skills

Preferred Tech and Prof Experience

Technical School degree - Computer technician
zzz
Surgery/Proced Scheduler BMG
Indiana
Reports to the Practice Manager. Completes all processes related to the scheduling of surgical procedures including pre-operative testing, office visits and post-operative care. Greets patients, answers calls and performs other office tasks as needed. Ensures that world class service is provided at all times.
 MISSION & VISION
Mission: To enhance the physical, mental and emotional well-being of the communities we serve as the community’s provider of outstanding quality, superior value and comprehensive health care services.

Vision: To be recognized as a model for the delivery of health and wellness by achieving the Top 10% in clinical quality, Top 10% in patient satisfaction and top tier in value per patient in the United States.
 JOB SPECIFICATIONS
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of high school diploma. Three years of related experience in a healthcare/clinical environment, admitting department, physician office practice or scheduling office is required. Familiarity with health record coding and various insurance plans is preferred. Knowledge of medical terminology is required or a course must be successfully completed during the first year of employment.
Knowledge & Skills
Requires an understanding of registration and pre-registration processes and the clinical requirements of various medical procedures.
Requires a basic knowledge of medical terminology, CPT and ICD codes, which includes being able to identify LMRP procedures and check for medical necessity.
Demonstrates proficient computer skills. Also requires basic office and keyboarding skills and the use of multiple databases.
Requires the verbal communication skills necessary to communicate in a clear and effective manner when answering patients questions and communicating with other departments and physician offices.
Demonstrates the interpersonal skills necessary to interact effectively with patients from various backgrounds in a professional, enthusiastic, courteous, friendly, caring and sincere manner. Also demonstrates the ability to gain the support of—and maintain effective working relationships with other departments, physicians and their office staff.
Requires good telephone and listening skills. Sensitivity to individuals who do not speak English as their first language is expected.
Requires the ability to strictly follow all policies regarding HIPAA guidelines.
Requires organizational skills, the ability to pay close attention to details and the ability to problem solve.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment with potential exposure to physical, chemical, and biohazards.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, lift up to 15pounds, reach, bend, stoop, twist, etc.) to perform the essential functions of this position.
 ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES
The below statements are intended to describe the essential job functions and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by the personnel occupying this position.
Performs surgery and procedure scheduling duties according to established policies and procedures following provider instructions by:
Preparing surgery schedules and ensuring that corrections, if necessary, are handled in a timely, efficient manner.
Interpreting physician orders and scheduling procedures accordingly.
Scheduling all surgery related appointments and testing.
Providing instructions related to pre-operative, post-operative needs, appointments, medication adjustments and completing the associated documentation.
Following multiple surgeon protocols for pending surgery cases.
Tracking all clearances and testing results for provider approval prior to surgery date.
Tracking all related imaging studies, importing imaging to PACS and pushing images to other facilities as needed for intra-operative viewing.
Ensuring that all equipment (including special equipment) supplies and implant requests are handled according to departmental policies and procedures.
Contacting vendors to cover surgical cases and updating them as changes occur.
Completing the surgical order process.
Organizing records for surgery and preparing surgery packet.
Remaining knowledgeable and compliant with insurance carrier guidelines.
Ensuring pre-certification guidelines have been met for diagnostic testing and surgical procedures.
Ensuring medical necessity is documented by complying with scheduling criteria for all insurance carriers.
Contributes to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the office by:
Receiving and greeting all patients, families and staff members in a professional manner and providing all reasonable assistance.
Receiving telephone calls, taking and relaying messages accurately.
Providing assistance with phone calls, patient messages, prescription refills and check out responsibilities as needed.
Coordinating outside referrals for treatments, therapies, home-care, and durable medical equipment needs.
Completing work status notes, disability and FMLA forms.
Recording medical history and maintaining patient records.
Preparing patient for examination.
Intake for new patient referrals.
Obtaining pathology results and directly communicating results to the necessary providers.
Acting as a mentor to other team members and willingly providing ongoing guidance and assistance.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Building and maintaining effective working relationships with hospitals, departments, facilities and vendors.
Interacting in a positive, pro-active and cooperative manner with other team members, patients and Physicians (and their office staff) when providing information, seeking assistance or clarification and resolving problems.
Assisting the department to meet or exceed its quality assurance goals.
Acting as a representative of Beacon Medical Group and striving to make a good first impression.
Communicating with the manager/administrator regarding any concerns or problems in a timely manner.
Maintaining records, reports and files as required by departmental policies and procedures.
Participating on committees as requested.
Maintains and presents a positive customer service image at all times.
Completing other job-related duties and projects as assigned.
 STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR
Patient/Customer Centered
Takes proactive steps to ensure customer’s needs are met
Places courtesy and service above routine and goes beyond customer expectations
Keeps patient/work environment neat and clean
Understands and applies job-related aspects of patient safety and identifies, reports and corrects safety concerns as quickly as possible
Respect
Keeps others well informed
Develops and maintains positive working relationships
Uses problem solving techniques to resolve issues and makes decisions within personal sphere of influence
Integrity
Demonstrates integrity and strong business ethics
Utilizes time and resources in a prudent manner
Strives to continually improve department processes and services
Projects professional image through enthusiasm towards work, behavior and appearance
Compassion
Demonstrates Beacon values verbally and through actions
Demonstrates self-awareness and sensitivity to the perceptions of others
Listens carefully to input and concerns and takes appropriate action
Interacts with dissatisfied customers in a calm, respectful manner and seeks resolutions
Trust
Maintains confidentiality at all times
Fosters a sense of trust and collaboration among associates
Verbal and written communications are clear and effective
Responds to change in a positive manner
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current CPR certification.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work mandatory overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
zzz
Public Assistance Coordinator
Indianapolis, IN
About the job:The Department of Homeland Security is seeking an individual to serve as the Public Assistance Coordinator under the Leadership of the Emergency Division Director carry out the duties and responsibilities of Indiana Code and 44 CFR and FEMA Policy pertaining to the Public Assistance Program and Response Division to sustain the Public Assistance Program.A day in the life:Provide Technical Assistance for Applicants and EMA Directors in the administration of the Public Assistance Program.Coordinate and cooperate with Local, State and Federal agencies regarding improvements in the Public Assistance Program.During an actual emergency event, supervise and or assist in the Emergency Operations Center or in the field as a member of the IDHS Response Team gathering information and or completing damage assessments resulting from such an event and reporting this information to the Director of Emergency Response and or Director of Public Assistance.Assist as needed in the Individual Assistance, State Disaster Relief Fund Program, and Mitigation Recovery Program.Participate in State EOC training and State or Local Exercises as required.As a member of the IDHS Forward Response Team, be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, if deployed of an event in order to help local communities during a disaster in EOC as Logistics Support and EMAC Support.Assist with notifying County EMA Directors of the possibility of a disaster declaration and work with possible applicants to identify eligible Public Assistance costs for their county.Monitor potential applicant submitted Damage Assessment documentation to determine State resources being exhausted in order to request Federal Assistance.Conduct Preliminary Damage Assessments with Local and Federal Officials (FEMA) to determine the extent of damages after an event.Perform project site inspections as needed.After a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration, serve as the Deputy State Public Assistance Program Officer either in the IDHS office or Federal Joint Field Office working closely with State and FEMA staff.Assist in the Applicant Briefings via Webinar or in person at site locations after a Presidential Disaster/Emergency Declaration.Assist with Applicant Reimbursement Process.Complete applicant project closeouts.Instruct local EMA Staff and Applicants on Public Assistance courses and issues.Prepare and submit Public Assistance Quarterly Progress Reports to the Public Assistance Program Director, Recovery Director and FEMA as required and in a timely manner.Schedule Public Assistance Training Courses as requested by the IDHS Training Office, County EMA Directors and District Coordinators.What we're looking for: Basic knowledge of local, state and federal programs. This position also requires in-depth knowledge of FEMA's Public Assistance Program. General knowledge of the administrative requirements of the state and federal governments. Prior experience in emergency management/homeland security procedures is helpful. The employee in this position must be able to work with all state government entities before and after an event is required as well as knowledge of the duties and responsibilities of all state and federal emergency response agenciesBenefitsThe State of Indiana offers a comprehensive benefit package which includes:Choose from four medical plans (including RX coverage), vision and dentalWellness program that offers eligibility into a discounted medical planHealth savings account, offered for most medical plans, includes state contributionsDeferred compensation account (similar to a private sector’s 401 K plan) with employer match, as well as a choice between two fully funded pension plansGroup life insuranceEmployee assistance program that allows for covered behavioral health visitsPaid vacation, personal and sick time offThe State of Indiana offers other generous leave policies covering a variety of employee needs12 company paid holidays, 14 on election yearsQualified employer for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness ProgramFree downtown parkingEqual Employment Opportunity: The State of Indiana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:emergency management/homeland security procedures: 2 years (Preferred)
zzz
Community Development Assistant
Blue Ash, OH
The City of Blue Ash is accepting applications for the full-time position of Community Development Assistant. This position assists the Community Development Director in a wide variety of development activities that include professionally representing the City of Blue Ash in the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the property standards and zoning codes of the City of Blue Ash and other appropriate duties as assigned by or through the City Manager or Assistant City Manager.
This full-time position enjoys contributions into the Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; free individual membership to the Blue Ash Recreation Center with eligibility for family members; and discounts at the Blue Ash Golf Course, Sandtrap Grill and Blue Ash Cafe.
Twenty minutes north of Cincinnati, Blue Ash has the best of both worlds – the feel of a close-knit community with big city access. Its top-ranked schools, superior parks and recreation, outstanding cultural and entertainment events and a thriving business community, make Blue Ash the ideal place to live, work and visit. Our 12,000+ residents take pride in their homes and neighborhoods which causes the housing values to far exceed the average in the region.

Examples of Duties:
Enforces the Ohio Revised Code and City of Blue Ash ordinances and laws including zoning and property maintenance codes;
Conducts regular review of codes, ordinances and regulations;
Makes recommendations related to practical application of codes and ordinances;
Assists in adapting, modifying, or rewriting codes as needed;
Assists in the review of site plans for new subdivisions, commercial, and residential redevelopment projects;
Conducts site inspections of developments to verify plans have been executed as approved by the City of Blue Ash;
Negotiates and problem solves with property owners, tenants, and business owners to correct violations;
Investigates and responds to complaints regarding zoning and property maintenance code violations; conducts sweep inspections to ensure compliance with the temporary sign regulations and the property maintenance code; conducts site inspections for projects requesting a zoning permit for property development;
Prepares reports of inspection activities and documents the progress of residential construction projects and code violations.
Assists in the prosecution of violators, including court appearances;
Responds in writing to inquiries from the general public and/or government officials;
Works with Director to develop, implement, and maintain strategic plans, as assigned;
Assists with the zoning and building permitting process with the Public Works Department, Fire Department, Building Inspectors, and the City's civil engineering consultant;
Prepares information, materials and staff reports for the Board of Site Arrangement, Board of Zoning Appeals, Planning Commission, and City Council;
May act as the Staff Liaison for the Board of Zoning Appeals and Board of Site Arrangement;
May serves as Acting Community Development Director in the absence of the Community Development Director.
Demonstrates accountability and responsibility for completion of work assignments in the absence of a department supervisor; provides responsive and timely feedback to the supervisory staff on the status and progress of work activities;
Prepares letters, reports, purchase requisitions, legal notices, memos, and other written documents;
Attends meetings, seminars, conferences, and other related events;
Responsible for remaining informed regarding current and applicable construction techniques and standards;
Maintains individual knowledge and skills to be able to carry out all duties of department personnel;
Meets with City of Blue Ash elected officials as appropriate;
Handles other responsibilities and duties as assigned or needed.

Typical Qualifications:
Basic understanding of and familiarity with building construction, including materials, procedures, techniques, standards, and typical code requirements; some knowledge of planning, zoning and public health and safety matters, including typical code requirements; ability to read, interpret and understand construction drawings, blue prints and development plans and the ability to relate actual construction with these documents; ability to initiate and maintain effective working relationships with property owners, developers and contractors; ability to deal with complainants in a courteous manner; ability to make decisions that are fair and impartial, and tactfully enforce those decisions; neat personal appearance and good physical condition.

A degree in planning, public administration, construction management or related field and two years of experience in planning and/or zoning code and property maintenance compliance or equivalent experience in a comparable municipal organization; ability to interact effectively with the public, agencies and staff at all levels; must be familiar with basic planning and zoning principles; must be able to interpret and administer codes and regulations; ability to use computer software such as spreadsheets, PowerPoint, word processing and databases; ability to make public presentations; ability to maintain effective working relationships; ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing; must possess a valid driver's license from state of residency.

Supplemental Information:
HOW TO APPLY :
Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least an hour to submit your application if you are a new user on the system. APPLICATIONS ARE ACCEPTED ONLINE ONLY .
You may apply and view current openings by visiting our employment opportunities web page at: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/blueash/default.cfm . If you do not have access to a computer, there are computer stations available at most Public Libraries. The Blue Ash Branch Public Library of Cincinnati is located at 4911 Cooper Road, Blue Ash, Ohio 45242.
Our on-line application system is provided by NeoGov. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Help Desk between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Pacific Time Monday - Friday at 1-855-524-5627 . You may also call the City of Blue Ash Human Resources Office at (513) 745-8642 for information.

NOTE: INCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EVEN IF A RESUME HAS BEEN ATTACHED.
The City of Blue Ash is an EEO/ADA Employer.
zzz
Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
Lincoln, CA 95648
Answer Phones, receive parts, generate work orders, ship parts, assist office manager and staff for a service company. Manage filing and paperworkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Receptionist: 1 year (Required)Education:High school (Required)
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Operations Supervisor
Willow Run, MI
TheGM Story
At, GM we want team members whosecuriosity drives their efforts to realize benefits that exceed customersatisfaction and fuel GM’s objectives and culture to win. In CustomerCare and Aftersales, we need team members who are creative problem solvers andrisk takers to not only impact the direction of the facility they work in, butalso positively collaborate and support all facilities in improving process tobetter the GM family. Team members aredriven to consider our customer’s needs in the center of all they do. Success is defined by our team as being open to new challenges and innovateways of thinking that shape future possibilities and drive effective decisionmaking.
TheRole
While working here you can expect tospend time training, coaching, developing and managing a team of unionemployees on a day to day basis. Youwill be responsible for workload distribution and time management of yourteam. Responsibilities include trackingof efficiency and time usage of employees while staying within local andnational labor agreements. You will beresponsible for safety checks as well as adherence to all safety guidelinesbefore, during and after shifts. Therole will require flexibility in shifts as well as the willingness to workbeyond your designated shift.

WhatWe’re Looking For
This dynamic opportunity requires anability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Previous experience in a processing/distributioncenter of at least 2 years is a must. Furthermore,a minimum of 2 years’ experience with standard Warehouse Management Software(WMS, LMS Kronos etc.) is required. Theideal candidate would be able to make critical decisions dealing with a varietyof issues quickly and effectively. Agreat deal of managerial courage is required as the need to provide appropriatefeedback comes on a regular basis. Finally,the right candidate is able and willing to dive into the business and learn ourprocesses in and out, quickly adapt to changes on the fly, and communicatethose changes to the necessary employees.
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Health Center
New Richmond, WI
Description

POSITION SUMMARY:
This position provides confidential administrative support and coordination, information assistance, and follow up to the Administrator and other departmental staff. This position also assists the Administrator with projects and tasks, prepares confidential documents, and is the liaison with Human Resources for interviewing and hiring processes.

Examples of Duties

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other duties may be required and assigned.

Enters timekeeping data into payroll system. Problem solves any attendance or timekeeping documentation issues that may arise.
Schedules interviews for department managers, maintains documentation, and performs references as assigned.
Assists in the hiring and onboarding of new employees.
Prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other documents.
Manages incoming and outgoing mail.
Provides administrative support, coordination, information, assistance and follow-up to the Administrator and departmental staff.
Greets visitors and answers telephone and may independently respond to inquiries, complaints, or concerns or route calls to appropriate departmental staff.
Sets up and maintains filing and record-keeping systems under general guidelines.
Competes Payroll based journaling reports for CMS.
Prepares financial procurements and orders all supplies for the facility as well as maintaining budgeting for the supplies and ensuring payments are processes.
Prepares and develops marketing program for the facilities
Provides facility tours as needed.
Assists scheduler as needed
Other duties as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of County policies, procedures and practices.
Ability to establish and maintain effective and professional working relationships with vendors, administration staff, other department heads and governmental officials.
Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures.
Ability to maintain accurate and legible notes.
Ability to analyze and prepare organizational and functional reports from research data.
Knowledge of the County and department programs and policies.
Knowledge of the use of a multi-line telephone system.
Ability to read and understand basic County and State policies and procedure of limited scope and difficulty.
Ability to type accurately at a reasonable rate of speed.
Ability enter data at a responsible rate of speed.
Ability to operate standard office equipment and perform word processing and/or data entry.
General knowledge of current office practices and procedures and knowledge of the operation of standard office equipment and soft wares.
Ability to work the allocated hours of the position.
LANGUAGE SKILLS
Ability to communicate appropriately/professionally.
Ability to communicate effectively with other members of the staff, supervisor, and the public.
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in both written and verbal form.
Must be proficient in workplace English and spelling.
Ability to read County policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; MSDS sheets, safety manuals, maps, etc.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS
Ability to calculate mathematical calculations.
REASONING ABILITY
Ability to understand and effectively carry out verbal and written instructions.
Ability to develop, interpret and implement local policies and procedures; written instructions, general correspondence; Federal, State, and local regulations.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintain self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to maintain discretion regarding business-related files, reports and conversations, within the provision of open records law and other applicable State and Federal Statutes and Regulations.
Organizational and time management skills needed to meet deadlines.
Must have ability to work accurately with attention to detail.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Ability to prepare and maintain accurate and concise records and reports.
Ability to analyze facts and to exercise sound judgment in arriving at conclusions.
Ability to define problems and deal with a variety of situations.
Ability to think quickly, maintains self-control, and adapt to stressful situations.
Ability to use good judgement and effectively solve problems.

Typical Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Associates degree in a related field preferred, i.e. Administrative Assistant, Business, Finance, Health Care, or Human Resources. A combination of education and four (4) years of experience may substitute for the degree.
Minimum of two (2) years previous experience in a health care setting. A long term care setting is preferred.
Must successfully pass criminal background check.

Supplemental Information

PHYSICAL AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical and work environment characteristics described in this description are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions or as otherwise required by law. Employees needing reasonable accommodation should discuss the request with the employee's supervisor.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

This work requires the occasional exertion of up to 25 pounds of force; work regularly requires sitting, frequently requires standing, speaking or hearing, using hands to finger, handle or feel and repetitive motions and occasionally requires walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching or crawling and reaching with hands and arms.
Work has standard vision requirements.
Vocal communication is required for expressing or exchanging ideas by means of the spoken word.
Hearing is required to perceive information at normal spoken word levels.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work has no exposure to environmental conditions.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).

WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is primarily in a health care setting.
Anticipated Hiring Wage: $15.77-$17.84

Nothing in this job description limits management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.
zzz
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFF
Honolulu, HI
CANNABIS SUPPORT STAFFPOSITION SUMMARYJob SummaryBE A PART OF THE NOA TEAM!Cannabis Support Staff provide on-site support for the trimming and packaging of Mānoa Botanicals LLC dba Noa Botanicals product. Cannabis Support Staff complete tasks assigned by the Team Lead to ensure the aesthetic appeal and high quality of product. Cannabis Support Staff must carry out day-to-day tasks including plucking, trimming, hanging, and drying of product, as well as weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product. Cannabis Support Staff must maintain excellent personal hygiene, workspace cleanliness, and quality control measures to ensure high quality product in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC.This position is not eligible for relocation assistance; local applicants preferred.Responsibilities and DutiesCORE JOB DUTIES (includes but not limited to)Packaging and Labeling:Responsible for weighing, packaging, and labeling finished product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic as directed by the Team Lead or Manager on duty.Maintain accurate unit counts, packaging specs, and labeling contents.Facility Cleanliness and Quality Control:Perform all assigned duties required to ensure a clean and safe workspace and cultivation facility.Maintain cleanliness of work area and equipment at all times.Report all quality control issues during harvest to the trim supervisor immediately.Reports and Documentation:Maintain accurate records of product trimmed to ensure product identification and quality control.Assist processing manager with the creation of labels in accordance with the State and standards set by Mānoa Botanicals.Trimming:Responsible for trimming product while ensuring high quality and visual aesthetic.Perform repetitive tasks for long period of time.Strictly adheres to hygienic and sanitation policies set by Mānoa Botanicals LLC and the State.Additional Duties as Required.Qualifications and SkillsCORE COMPETENCIESExcellent personal hygiene.Knowledge of medical marijuana law, medicinal benefits, and horticulture skills.Effective time-management skills and ability to multi-task.Ability to sit, stand and trim for extended time periods.Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing and challenging environment.Displays a high level of initiative, effort, attention to detail and commitment by completing assignments efficiently with minimal supervision.Follows policy, cooperates with supervisors and aligns behavior with the goals of the organization.Must be and remain compliant with any and all legal or company regulations for working in the cannabis industry.EDUCATION AND BACKGROUND REQUIREMENTSPrevious experience in agriculture, trimming, or packaging preferred.High School Diploma or GED required.Minimum of 21 years of age as required by state statute.Must have reliable transportation available daily.No prior felony convictions. Must pass state and federal criminal and fingerprint background checks, per applicable requirements set forth under state statute.ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTSMust have reliable transportation; flexibility in scheduling. Working hours include holidays and weekends.This job function may include walking or standing for extended periods of time, as well as stooping, bending over, twisting, kneeling, crawling and/or crouching. Must be able to lift, carry and balance up to 30 pounds (100 pounds with assistance). Must be able to work outside and inside loud, hot or cold working conditions.Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.Must be able to reach with hands and arms, balance and use hands to finger, handle or operate objects, controls, or tools.BenefitsEmployee Benefits SummaryThis is only a preview of the benefits we offer to our employees. Detailed information about eligibility, enrollment and other benefit provisions are provided upon employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be discontinued without notice.Medical, Drug, Vision, Dental CoveragePTO, Paid HolidaysEmployee DiscountHOW TO APPLY: Noa Botanical employees should apply on-line through Indeed.comEmployees of affiliate companies should apply on-line through Indeed.comAll others should apply on-line through Indeed.comSubmittal of an application for the position: 1. Authorizes Manoa Botanicals LLC to share any and all information regarding previous or present employment, educational training or personal information from their records and from any other source with the Manoa Botanicals LLC Human Resources Department only 2. Releases and waives Manoa Botanicals LLC from any and all liability for any damage which may be claimed as a result of furnishing such information to the Human Resources Department.Work Schedule Monday – Sunday and Holidays; start time variesWork Locations: Production Facility, Central OahuJob Type: Non-Exempt, Full-timeEQUAL OPPORTUNITY AND AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONWe are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and staff in accordance with sound employee relation practices and federal and state laws. Noa Botanicals is also firmly committed to taking affirmative action to employ qualified individuals with disabilities, veterans with disabilities, veterans, minorities, and women, and to advance them in employment. If you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation during the application process, please contact our HR Department at 808-800-2126.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:agriculture: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Shifts:Mid-Day (Required)
zzz
Client Care Representative
Tinley Park, IL
Position Summary:  The Client Care Center Representative for MobilityWorks is responsible generating sales appointments by sourcing new sales opportunities through outbound calls.Essential Job Functions and Duties: Complete 100 outbound calls per dayAbility to thrive in a fast-paced, high volume call environment.Develop rapport quickly with clientele to determine need.Manage inbound and outbound appointments, internet leads, and internally generated customer opportunities.Answer incoming calls from queue in a professional and courteous manner.Foster a team environment by creating and maintaining a positive relationships with peers, clients and general managers.Promptly and accurately enter all customer inquiry data into CRM software.Other duties may be assigned.Adhere to all company policies and procedures, OSHA and other safety regulations, and all state mandated regulations.Comply with MW’s Core Values at all times (LOVE IT).Position Qualifications and Entrance Requirements: Highly effective communication skills with a compelling phone presence.Strong customer service mentality.At least 2-3 years of call center, inside sales or telemarketing experience, particularly in a fast-paced environment. Familiarity in an automotive call center is not required, but helpful.Warm and friendly demeanor.Good energy with a positive attitude.Proficient with Customer Relationship Management software and integrated phone systems.Solid verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.Ability to complete multiple tasks simultaneously is required.Candidates must successfully complete criminal and motor vehicle background check and pre-employment drug screening.Physical Demands/Work Environment: Able to function capably in an office environment using standard equipment (telephones, fax machines, computers, copiers, etc.)Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 10 pounds.Must be able to complete office-related physical activities (walking, standing, talking, hearing, pushing, reaching, seeing, stooping/crouching, smelling, depth perception, identifying colors) as needed.The shift will be Monday- Friday 10-7, and it will pay $15.39 an hour with a bonus based on individual appointments. Training phase will be 8-5, M-F.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Outbound Calls or Inside Sales: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)License or certification:Driver's License (Required)
zzz
Administrative Asst I (ETN)
Florence, KY 41042
Job Title: Administrative Assistant I
FLSA status: Non-Exempt
Division: ETN (Engineering)
Supervisor Title: ETN Director

Job Summary:
This position reports to the Director of ETN and is responsible for providing administrative support to the ETN and EHS departments, processing payroll, ordering and managing indirect spend, and developing management reports and presentations.

Job Requirements:
High School Diploma or equivalent;
Associates or Bachelor’s degree preferred;
2 years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience;
Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint);
Well-developed communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills to be able to build strong work relationships with all levels of our organization;
Ability to work with all levels of internal management as well as outside contractors and vendors;
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, handle multiple tasks, and work independently;
Attention to detail and maintaining strict confidentiality is critical

Essential Physical Requirements:
Long periods of sitting at desk, movement of packages from receiving to the ETN office area. Ability to lift up to 30 pounds.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :
Tasks, Duties & Responsibilities
% of time spent.
Total should = 100%
1. Creates, modifies and updates policies, procedures and other departmental documents and performs other administrative tasks and projects as assigned.

30%
2. Compile and reconcile departmental reports including labor and payroll reports.

10%

3. Maintain and record absences, excused and unexcused, for the Flows, Facilities, Quality and other occasional departments / employees as required. Monitors employee attendance and disciplinary counseling and perfect attendance achievements.

10%

4. Key user and departmental contact for payroll administration system (e-Time).

10%
5. Maintains ETN/EHS communication boards and site notice boards. Create department PO’s as required.

20%
6. Responsible for ordering office supplies for packaging department.

10%
7. Processes bi-weekly and monthly payroll for Flows, Facilities and Quality departments.

10%

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com . Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
zzz
Part-Time Receptionist
Memphis, TN 38103
Position Purpose
The Receptionist is responsible for providing a welcoming and professional first point of contact for all visitors and clients of the Grizzlies. In addition, the Receptionist provides administrative support to various departments. Must be able to work Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 1:00pm.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Answer all incoming calls, determine the callers? needs and direct calls to the appropriate individual or department;
Greet all guests in the lobby, provide visitor badges and call departments to escort guests;
Check after hours voice mail every morning and direct messages to appropriate individuals and departments;
Respond to inquiries by telephone, email or in person and ensure they are addressed in a professional and timely manner;
Provide administrative support, as required, including the preparation of miscellaneous reports, general office tasks and participate in special projects;
Handle arrangements for meetings, including the scheduling of the boardrooms;
Maintain the delivery log for anything dropped off at the front desk;
Stock, maintain and organize literature and brochures;
Arrange for local, national, and international couriers;
Assist Human Resources Department with various projects;
Other duties as assigned At least one year of receptionist and clerical experience in a corporate setting for a large, busy office;
High School Diploma or GED;
Must be detail oriented with the ability to demonstrate a high degree of diplomacy and sensitivity to customer needs;
Excellent communication skills coupled with a polished and professional telephone manner;
Must be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously while working efficiently in a very busy environment;
Must able to work within a team environment and be willing to provide support when needed;
Proven knowledge of general office practices and procedures;
Ability to interact professionally with high profile clientele;
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Preferred:
Experience working with the Cisco phone system
Knowledge and passion for NBA basketball
zzz
Receptionist/Staff Assistant
Tampa, FL
Posting Details


Department Number/Name: 0-6009-000 / USF Health Vice President's (VP) Office of Faculty and Academic Affairs


College Division: USF Health-VP


Salary Plan: Temporary/OPS


Hiring Salary/Salary Range: $14.00 - $16.00 per hour



ORGANIZATIONAL SUMMARY:

USF COM VP of Academic Affairs Office is made up of one Senior Associate VP and several Assistant and Associate Deans, plus administration and staff representing the Morsani College of Medicine and the three other Colleges within USF Health (Nursing, Public Health and Pharmacy). The Office reports to the SVP of USF Health and Dean of Morsani College of Medicine.


POSITION SUMMARY:

Manages and assures all foundational needs for smooth functional office operations, coupled with efficient and effective communication for all staff within the Faculty and Academic Affairs Office (OFAA). Provides skilled administrative and professional support within the office and assistance as required to other staff and executives within USF Health particularly the Deans of the Colleges within USF Health, outside vendors and other visiting executives. Utilizes wise, active judgment for maintaining of office supplies, office equipment and supply orders for copy and fax machines, filing and mailing supplies, drink orders, refrigerator, coffee supplies, ice maker, telephones, furniture, restrooms, A/C/heat. Ability to be flexible in a high paced environment. Manages and delegates, follows up on revisions and updates to office policies and procedures.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Maintains consistent atmosphere of professionalism and management in the OFAA. Manage multiple phone lines for the office, routing calls professionally, courteously and appropriately. Greet and assist visitors professionally including faculty, administrative staff, executive level leadership of USF, USF Health as well as representatives from other universities and affiliations. Maintains Outlook Calendar for appropriate executives.
Schedules conference rooms. Assists with AV needs in conference rooms. Designs and evaluates system for efficiency. Orders food for meetings and special events held in the Senior Associate VP Office.
Provides skilled secretarial support for the executive leadership as needed. Serves as liaison between the OFAA and other USF executive officials, departments and colleges as well as many outside affiliations. Prepares and coordinates travel approvals and arrangements as needed.
Provides backup support for the Executive Administrative Specialists within the OFAA as needed.
Coordinates with Business Office regarding available budget and purchasing for OFAA. Prepare purchase orders, work orders, and telecommunications requests for the office. Utilizes purchasing card for department purchases, and reconciles monthly credit card statements, following purchasing guidelines and maintaining accurate records regarding purchases. Processes special orders for department members as needed.
Develops and oversees inventory for all office supplies and refreshments. Assures all orders are processed in a timely manner. Analyzes inventory needs and implements controls to achieve cost reduction for each year and meets budget controls. Maintains records and files: i.e. Purchase Orders, Faculty Leave Requests and other important office documentation.
Processes and tracks contractual agreements with outside vendors and consultants. Tracks start and end dates of these agreements, makes sure all paperwork is in order including 3rd party agreements, W-9 vendor forms, processing of and verification of monthly invoices regarding these agreements.
Oversees and manages distribution of sensitive material according to policy and procedure. Demonstrate consistent ability, effective communication, and guarantee professional and confidential support.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:


MINIMUM:
This position requires a high school diploma or equivalent, with two or more years of experience in an office or administrative support position. College or other relevant post-secondary coursework may substitute for the experience requirement on a year for year basis. Testing may be required to assess competency on word processing software.

PREFERRED:
Previous experience supporting a dean or vice president in a university setting. Proficiency working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint. Outstanding customer service skills. Ability to multi-task.


Information for Applicants


This position is subject to a criminal background check.
Job Opening Number : 16561
Posting Date : 04/16/2018
Posting End Date : Open Until Filled


How To Apply


Click on the Apply Now button. When applying to an opening you will have the opportunity to upload a cover letter and resume.
Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position.
Click here for additional tutorial information.


Equal Employment Opportunity


USF is an equal opportunity, equal access academic institution that embraces diversity in the workplace.


Work Location


Campus map and location overview:
USF - Health
USF - Tampa Campus


About USF


The University of South Florida System is a high-impact, global research system dedicated to student success. The USF System includes three institutions: USF; USF St. Petersburg; and USF Sarasota-Manatee. The institutions are separately accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. All institutions have distinct missions and their own detailed strategic plans. Serving over 48,000 students, the USF System has an annual budget of $1.6 billion and an annual economic impact of $4.4 billion. USF is a member of the American Athletic Conference.


Working at USF


With more than 16,000 employees in the USF System, the University of South Florida is one of the largest employers in the Tampa Bay region. At USF you will find opportunities to excel in a rich academic environment that fosters the development and advancement of our employees. We believe in creating a talented, engaged and driven workforce through on-going development and career opportunities. We also offer a first class benefit package that includes medical, dental and life insurance plans, retirement plan options, tuition program and generous leave programs and more.
To learn more about working at USF please visit: Work Here. Learn Here. Grow Here.
zzz
Student Placement Specialist
Remote
What We're Looking For

2U’s Placement team is vital in the student enrollment lifecycle in identifying internship sites and matching this real world field work to students as a part of their Master’s curricula. The Placement team is a part of the Post-Enrollment Services team, which is focused on providing white glove customer service to students, faculty and university partners.

The Student Placement Specialist will form relationships with both students and internship sites where students can acquire hands-on learning and experience in their chosen field. The person in this role will be responsible for building new relationships and maintaining existing partnerships with placement sites. The Field Placement Specialist is key in ensuring retention through on-time placements and maintaining students’ enrollment status in each program.

Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To

Managing all aspects of placement for our online Master’s programs in a specified territory to ensure overall student success in the program.

Developing new partnerships and maintaining relationships with agencies for placements

Matching agencies with students and placing them with a sense of urgency to prevent any lapse in class registration

Providing exceptional service to students throughout the placement cycle

Working with counterpart at the university and legal team on contract execution of partnership agreements to finalize agency contracts

Creating individual strategy for long term placement relationships as well as fulfilling “one off” placement requirements for students

Providing consistent and professional communication to students throughout the entire placement process via phone and email
Things That Should Be in Your Background

Bachelor’s degree. Master’s Degree or other advanced degree preferred
Preferably 2 years experience providing strategic direction to growing operations with focus on a proactive, forward thinking, scalable approach to creating processes

Previous experience in a fast paced, metrics driven environment

Previous experience in a customer service oriented environment

Other Attributes That Will Help You in This Role

Must have comfort in communicating and establishing rapport in a professional manner across the following mediums: phone, email, video conference and in-person

Highly self-motivated and able to work autonomously

Strong sense of system orientation and focus on providing “white glove” service to our students and faculty

Enthusiasm and the ability to thrive in an atmosphere of constant change

Ability to work and contribute in a team environment

About 2U Inc. (NASDAQ: TWOU)

2U partners with great colleges and universities to build what we believe is the world’s best digital education. Our platform provides a comprehensive fusion of technology, services and data architecture to transform high-quality and rigorous campus-based universities into the best digital versions of themselves. 2U's No Back Row® approach allows qualified students and working professionals around the world to experience a first-rate university education and successful outcomes. To learn more, visit 2U.com.

2U Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At 2U, we are committed to creating and sustaining a culture that embodies diverse walks of life, ideas, genders, ages, races, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities and other unique qualities of our employees. We strive to offer a workplace where every employee feels empowered by the ways in which we are different, as well as the ways in which we are the same.

Why It’s Great to Work at 2U

2U offers a high-energy work environment that’s both challenging and fun. We work hard, but our offices are casual and social places. We wear jeans to work and fuel brainstorming sessions with snacks and seltzer.

Benefits

2U offers a comprehensive benefits package:

Medical, dental and vision coverage
Life insurance, disability and 401(k)
Unlimited snacks and drinks
Generous paid leave policies
Tuition reimbursement program
Spontaneous dance parties
No Asshole policy
Note: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

2U is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against applicants or employees and ensures equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of their race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, marital status, disability, citizenship, military or veterans’ status, or any other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. 2U’s equal opportunity policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, job benefits, pay and dismissal.
zzz
Public Relations and Community Outreach Specialist
Scottsdale, AZ
Harkins Theatres seeks a dynamic Public Relations & Community Outreach Specialist to join our Marketing Team at the Theatre Support Office based in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona.Responsibilities :Writes and distributes press releasesCoordinates all media requests including fielding media calls, routing requests for internal approval, coordinating schedules with theatres, and issuing reports on media eventsPitch stories to various media, including print, broadcast, digital and non-traditional outletsLeader for all charity initiatives and main point of contacts for multiple charity partnershipsParticipates in planning and working marketing project events such as lineup parties, grand openings, awards dinner, etc.Requirements :Bachelor’s degree in media and marketing, public relations or related field, with 4 years’ experience in public relationsStrong knowledge of public relations and industry trendsExcellent written, editing, and verbal skillsMust be organized and detail orientedMovie theatre experience, a plusWe Offer: Medical (company covers over 80% of monthly premiums), Dental & Vision InsuranceEducation Reimbursement401K Match & Profit SharingPaid Time Off & Paid HolidaysTeam office environmentBagel Monday’s, free soda and popcorn in the office, FREE MOVIES , and other great benefits!Celebrating over 84 years of Ultimate Moviegoing®, Harkins Theatres is the premier movie exhibitor of the Western U.S. and the largest family owned theatre chain in the country. Founded by showman, inventor and community leader Dwight “Red” Harkins in 1933, Harkins Theatres operates over 500 screens and is renowned for its commitment and passion for providing the Ultimate Moviegoing® experience.Harkins Theatres is known as a trailblazer for advancements in the motion picture exhibition industry with amenities such as: the Ciné Capri, CINÉ1, CINÉ1XL, pristine state-of-the-art digital projection and sound, curved wall-to-wall screens, Ultimate Lounger® leather reclining seats, plush Ultimate Rocker® loveseats, Loyalty Cups, in-lobby bar and an expanded selection of gourmet concessions.Harkins Theatres is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer!Job Type: Full-timeExperience:public relations: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Office Assistant – Extra Help
Lower Lake, CA
Lake County Department of Social ServicesOffice Assistant – Extra Help(MSS Class Title – Office Assistant II – Extra Help)Lake County Department of Social Services is seeking enthusiastic applicants to fill its Office Assistant – Extra Help positions. The Office Assistant performs a variety of general or specialized clerical duties related to filing, reception, form processing, record maintenance, mail, typing or data entry; obtains and compares information related to department records, programs, and services; may perform the initial applicant screening as an incidental function and initiate cases through the department’s automated system; and performs related work as required. This Extra Help position will be located in Lower Lake, California.The Office Assistant position provides ongoing opportunities for career advancement, training and daily satisfaction. By collaborating with other branches under the Social Services umbrella and community partnerships, caseworkers help strengthen families and improve the well-being of residents. Lake County welcomes, values and encourages diverse voices, opinions, perspectives and backgrounds to foster an environment where all viewpoints are appreciated. The Social Services Department currently has a team of approximately 250 dedicated members serving Lake County residents.Final Application Date: Wednesday, April 25, 2018, 5 PM (PST)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSOne (1) year of full-time experience performing clerical duties in an office environment.While the above requirements outline the minimum qualifications, applicants may be further evaluated for qualifications beyond those listed. Those applicants that are determined to be most highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe ability to speak, read and write Spanish in addition to English would be an asset in this position, but is not required.A valid driver’s license will be required at the time of interview. Individuals who do not meet this requirement due to a disability will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.Positions may require pre-employment screening, including background checks, and fingerprintingGovernment agencies accessing US government information, which include federal tax information must ensure that background investigation requirements for all agency employees and contractors that have access to federal tax information are consistent to the IRS background investigation requirements for access to federal tax information. A background check may be required if the position requires access to these types of records. Background requirements consist of three components which include, fingerprinting, citizenship verification and local law enforcement checks. State agencies must conduct investigation during time of hire and ensure a reinvestigation is conducted 10 years from the date of the previous background investigation for each employee that has access to federal tax information.This is a specialized, extra help Office Assistant II classification. This is an Extra-Help (temporary) classification that is limited to no more than 900 hours per year. Incumbents are paid only for hours worked, are only entitled to legally mandated benefits, and do not have status with the County. Incumbents assigned to this classification perform routine office work. Work locations will vary, and work assignments may include irregular hours.VETERANS PREFERENCEIf you would like to request Veteran’s preference points as part of the application packet, please submit a copy of your DD-214 form. Applicants must fax or email a copy of the DD-214 form to CPS HR at 916-648-1211 or mss@cpshr. us by the application deadline listed on the job bulletin.SALARY RANGE$2,058 - $2,501/monthTENTATIVE EXAM DATEWritten Exam – Saturday, May 12, 2018EXAMINATION INFORMATIONIf supplemental questions are included as a part of this job bulletin, applicants may be rated based upon their responses to the supplemental questions. If rated, only those that are determined to be highly qualified will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.HOW TO APPLYApplicants must submit a completed online application, including any of the additional documents/materials indicated. Additional documents/materials are included in the online application. Apply online by logging onto https://secure1.cpshr.us/mss_jobs/JobListings.aspx and click “Apply Now!” for this position.Note: Your application and any additional material become the property of CPS HR Consulting. Please make a copy for your file. This bulletin will not be available online after the application deadlineQUESTIONS AND CONTACTCPS HR Consulting Merit System Services Unit 2450 Del Paso Road, Suite 220Sacramento, CA 95834 Website: www.mss.ca.gov Phone: (916) 471-3507Job Type: Full-time
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Full-time Nanny wanted in Oak Park
Oak Park, CA
Our client is seeking a Full-Time for their baby boy (8 mos), in Oak Park, CA
Position is Monday-Friday 8-4 or 5 with some flexibility; occasional weekend night/date night would be ideal as well, but not a requirement.
This family would love to find the right individual to grow with their family for many years to come. They do anticipate having another child as well, so you must be comfortable watching two children under the age of 5.
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and/or perform listed duties:Experience working with multiple children in a householdExperience working with newbornsEasily communicate in EnglishLoving, playful, warm, but also confident as a nannyActively engaging and assist with developmental milestones (reading, singing, playing, number/letter/color recognition, etc,)Light Cooking: children only (baby food prep, bottles, etc. for baby/children)Laundry for the family is ideal (only 1 time per week as time permits)Light housekeeping (kitchen counters, dishes, vacuum common/play area if needed, etc)Driving is preferredFlexibility is a MUST. This family is extremely flexible and would like to find the same in a nanny (ie. if you volunteer in child's class, or have a doctor's appointment, they will work around it). In return, if mom has a meeting that runs late (she works from home), she asks that the nanny has flexibility to stay an addition 20-30min, when needed.
This is a wonderful family and a great client of Neverland Nannies. This will be a very long term opportunity for the right individual.
NOTE: This family has 2 cats and a dog, so you must not have pet allergies. Pet lovers are most ideal!

Benefits:
2 weeks paid vacation, paid major bank holidays.
zzz
Clerical
Washington, DC 20015
COMPANY OVERVIEW
For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands.
DESCRIPTION
Oversees the technical, administrative duties of a selling department and manages all back of the house functions in, typically, departments that have very intensive and detailed operating standards and procedures.

Qualifications

QUALIFICATIONS
Functional/Technical Skills
Customer Focus
Technical Learning
Managing and Measuring Work
Written Communication
Process Management
Personal Learning
Planning
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred. Must have previous retail experience and be detailed oriented.
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.

Primary Location: United States of America-District of Columbia-DIST OF COLUMBIA-Washington-Washington Store
Work Locations: Washington Store Neiman Marcus 5300 Wisconsin Ave. N.W. Washington 20015
Job: Retail Store Sales
Organization: Neiman Marcus
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Employee Status: Regular
Job Type: Standard
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Travel: No
Job Posting: Apr 17, 2018, 4:43:58 PM
zzz
Staff Attorney Supreme Court
Denver, CO
Judicial Branch Overview
The Colorado Judicial Branch is a premier state government agency focusing on state trial courts and offender probation. Across the many varied career paths within the organization we universally recruit ambitious individuals to become valued public servants and future leaders. We are seeking applicants who want to contribute in making the Judicial Branch the "employer of choice" in Colorado. In addition, our desire is to hire professionals who consistently demonstrate integrity, embrace change, and contribute to the bottom line success of their smaller work team and the larger goals of the organization.

In return, you will gain valuable experience with a progressive organization known as one of the top judicial systems in the nation. The Judicial Branch allows employees to work with creativity in a unique culture defined by ethics, where execution, excellence and high performance are rewarded. Career opportunities abound within the organization as the average Judicial employee has tenure of 10+ years of service.
In a recent statewide employee survey an overwhelming majority of our employees ranked “sufficient work/life balance” as the #1 benefit of their job. Additionally, Judicial Branch employees take great pride in serving an organization that provides high-quality services to Colorado residents. Providing a positive work environment and culture with a competitive total rewards compensation package, the Colorado Judicial Branch is the solid career opportunity for which you have been seeking!

General Statement of Duties
Provides highly complex legal editing of opinions for the Colorado Supreme Court. Provides guidance and research to Supreme Court staff on policy making and legal research related to Supreme Court Justices service on committees, boards and other internal and external bodies. Assist law clerks on legal research methods insuring constancy in opinions and research methods.



Minimum Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the above essential functions satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



Minimum Education and Experience
Graduation from an accredited law school; possession of a certificate of admission to the Bar of the State of Colorado; eligibility to practice law before the courts of the State of Colorado; and six years of experience in the practice or study of law.



Additional Comments
Please submit (electronically) the application, a cover letter explaining your interest in the position, and a resume.
Please note that this position requires that the applicant be currently admitted to practice law in Colorado, with an active license, and a minimum of six years of experience in the practice of law, as measured by bar admission date. Please see the full job description. The salary for this position begins at the minimum in the salary range. Please see the Judicial Branch website under “Careers” for a summary of employee benefits.
This position provides legal staff support to Supreme Court rules committees, including assisting with meeting planning and set-up. Attends committee meetings to act as Reporter, mark proposed rule changes and draft meeting minutes. Facilitate and track proposed changes sent from committees to supreme court. Finalize and distribute approved rules changes for public release/publication.

Researches, analyzes, and formulates recommended policies, procedures, and forms related to court proceedings and recurring issues, and procedural rules, at the request of justices and Supreme Court committees. Reviews legislation for impact on court rules. Advises on research.

Maintains current information on the website to update committee information, proposed and adopted rule changes, public hearings, and public comments. Maintains permanent record of rules changes.

Responds to inquiries regarding proposed or adopted rule changes. Interacts with publishers, bar associations, other judicial officers and staff as well as the public.

May screen petitions for certiorari, prepare memos on petitions for certiorari, review and make recommendations on motions, drafts orders, review and summarize appellate briefs and trial court records, prepare memos on legal issues or draft opinions.
zzz
Purchasing Assistant
O'Fallon, MO
Purchasing Assistant
$18.50/hour
We are hiring for our Divisional Office located in O'Fallon, MO.
For consideration, please email your resume and/or your Employment Application by clicking Apply.
Job Summary:
At ALDI our people are our most valuable asset. Our Assistants are an integral part of the organization. The ALDI Divisional Office is comprised of an energetic and committed team that works cooperatively to provide administrative support to the division’s operation.
Assistants begin their ALDI career by completing a thorough training program. While in training you will work closely with an experienced colleague learning step by step the responsibilities delegated in order to excel in your new role. The training is a “hands on” experience designed to make each trainee more comfortable in their new position.
If you’re looking for an opportunity that offers a high level of responsibility and a truly fulfilling career in a fast-paced environment, then We Want YOU to Apply Now!
We have important requirements for all potential ALDI employees. Some expectations of a Purchasing Assistant are:
To assist in ordering and securing product for the division to maximize store sales through product availability
To verify retail accuracy
Skilled verbal and written communications including the ability to prepare correspondence to meet purpose and audience
The ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees, business partners, management team and government agencies
The ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with a group of individuals
The ability to organize large amounts of data, prioritize and complete tasks to maximize the total time available
Proficiency in MS Office products including Word, Excel, Outlook etc.
Proficiency with basic arithmetic and be able to analyze and interpret data
Strong negotiation skills to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion using compromise, persuasion, rationale, and diplomacy
Multitask while providing a high level of customer service
Must be professional, reliable, responsive to feedback, detail oriented and maintain a positive attitude
A high school diploma or G.E.D. is required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Major Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance & Prescription Coverage for Eligible Employees
Paid Vacation Time & Paid Holidays
401(k) Plan
Company Contribution to Retirement Savings Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life & Disability Insurance
ALDI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
zzz
Data Entry Clerk - Fremont, CA
Fremont, CA
Summary of Position:
The Data Entry Clerk will perform all administrative functions associated with project tracking including but not limited to data entry into smartsheet and other clerical support (including answering telephone), entering of utility locates, maintaining project tracking logs, filing, etc.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Receive, organize, file, and maintain documents and/or data for an assigned department/project.
Create, update, validate and forward various forms of communication to internal and external recipients.
Read, interpret, and input data in support of an assigned department/project.
Maintain a neat and orderly office environment
Additional Duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

High school diploma or GED required.
Good communication, organizational, analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proficient with Microsoft and Google Business Applications (Excel, Smartsheets and Googlesheets)
Adhere to all Company policies including confidentiality policies at all times.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.

Essential Physical Requirements (include but are not limited to)

Standard office environment requiring sitting at desk with some bending, stooping, walking
Hours/Schedules are determined based on Region and Customer Needs and in compliance with any regulations; on average – must be able to perform the above for at least 8 hours per day 5 days per week.
Benefits Include:

Competitive Pay
Health Insurance: Medical, Dental, Vision, and Prescription Plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
401k Savings Plan with Company match
Short & Long Term Disability
Supplemental Life and AD&D Insurance
Paid Holidays & PTO


______________________________________________________________________________
Our Company is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also the Company's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
______________________________________________________________________________

When you apply for this job, you will be asked to answer questions regarding your criminal background. Answering “Yes” to the criminal background questions will not automatically bar you from employment. A criminal background check will be conducted following any conditional offer of employment. Only those crimes which are substantially related to the position you are seeking will be considered. Please note that for certain contractors with whom we do business, based on the nature of their operation, the type of offense and related factors may affect your assignment to that contractor. Factors that will be taken into account include: (1) The facts or circumstances surrounding the offense or conduct; (2) the number of offenses for which you were convicted or plea was entered; (3) your age at the time of conviction or plea, or release from prison; (4) any evidence that you performed the same or similar type of work, post conviction/plea, with the same or different employers, with no known incidents of criminal conduct; (5) the length and consistency of employment history before and after the offense or conduct; (6) any rehabilitation efforts, e.g. education/training; (7) any employment or character references and any other information regarding your fitness for the particular position; and/or (8) whether you are bonded under a federal, state, or local bonding program.

For applicants residing in and/or applying for a position in a state or locality listed below, please review the specific directions below before submitting your application.

CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
CALIFORNIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor conviction for which probation has been successfully completed or otherwise discharged and the case has been dismissed by a court. Also, do not identify marijuana related convictions entered by the court more than 2 years ago that involve: unlawful possession of marijuana; transportation or giving away of up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis, or the offering to transport or give away up to 28.5 grams of marijuana, other than concentrated cannabis; possession of paraphernalia used to smoke marijuana; being in a place with knowledge that marijuana was being used; or being under the influence of marijuana. Also, do not identify any arrest or detention that did not result in a conviction or any record of a referral to, and participation in, any pretrial or post trial diversion program.
California: LOS ANGELES APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
California: SAN FRANCISCO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER THE FIRST INTERVIEW. When answering such questions, please do not disclose any misdemeanor and felony convictions that occurred more than seven years prior to the inquiry or : (a) arrests other than those which charges are still pending, (b) completion of any diversion program, (c) sealed or juvenile offenses, or (d) infractions that are not felonies or misdemeanors.)

CONNECTICUT APPLICANTS: Do not identify any arrest, criminal charge or conviction the records of which have been erased by a court based on sections 46b-146, 54-76o or 54-142a of the Connecticut General Statutes. Criminal records subject to erasure under these sections are records concerning a finding of delinquency or the fact that a child was a member of a family with service needs, an adjudication as a youthful offender, a criminal charge that was dismissed or not prosecuted, a criminal charge for which the person was found not guilty, or a conviction for which the offender received an absolute pardon. Any person whose criminal records have been judicially erased under one or more of these sections is deemed to have never been arrested within the meaning of the law as it applies to the particular proceedings that have been erased, and may so swear under oath.

GEORGIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify any verdict or plea of guilty or nolo contendere that was discharged by the court under Georgia's First Offender Act.

HAWAII APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. Please limit your responses to any convictions within the past 10 years, excluding any period of time when you were incarcerated.

IOWA APPLICANTS: Convictions will not automatically be a bar to employment, but the job, and the time, nature and seriousness of the crime will be considered.

MARYLAND APPLICANTS: UNDER MARYLAND LAW, AN EMPLOYER MAY NOT REQUIRE OR DEMAND, AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT, PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYMENT OR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT, THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL SUBMIT TO OR TAKE A LIE DETECTOR OR SIMILAR TEST. AN EMPLOYER WHO VIOLATES THIS LAW IS GUILTY OF A MISDEMEANOR AND SUBJECT TO A FINE NOT EXCEEDING $100.

MASSACHUSETTS APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You do not have to identify any record relating to prior arrests, criminal court appearances or convictions for which the record has been sealed and is on file with the Commissioner of Probation. You also do not have to identify prior arrests, court appearances and adjudications in cases of delinquency or as a child in need of services which did not result in a complaint transferred to the superior court for criminal prosecution. You also do not have to identify (1) an arrest, detention or disposition regarding any violation of law in which no conviction resulted; (2) first-time misdemeanor convictions for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray or disturbance of the peace; and (3) convictions for other misdemeanors where the date of conviction or the end of any period of incarceration was more than 5 years ago, unless there have been subsequent convictions within those 5 years.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.

MICHIGAN APPLICANTS: Do not identify any misdemeanor arrests, detentions or dispositions that did not result in conviction.

MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

NEBRASKA APPLICANTS: Do not identify a sealed juvenile record of arrest, custody, complaint, disposition, diversion, adjudication or sentence.

NEVADA APPLICANTS: Please note that the discharge and dismissal of certain first time drug offenses, after the accused has completed probation and any required treatment or educational programs, does not constitute a “conviction” for purposes of employment.

New Jersey: NEWARK APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT. You are not required to identify: (1) convictions for indictable offenses that are more than eight years old, measured from the date of sentencing; (2) disorderly person convictions or municipal ordinance violations that are more than five years old, measured from the date of sentencing; or (3) juvenile adjudications of delinquency; or criminal charges that never resulted in a conviction (4) records that have been erased, expunged, the subject of executive pardon or otherwise legally nullified.

NEW YORK APPLICANTS: You may answer “no record” concerning any criminal proceeding that terminated in your favor, per section 160.50 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any criminal proceeding that terminated in a “youthful offender adjudication,” as defined in section 720.35 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; any conviction for a “violation” that already has been sealed by the court, per section 160.55 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law; and any conviction that was sealed pursuant to section 160.58 of the New York Criminal Procedure Law in connection with the licensing, employment or providing of credit or insurance. (BUFFALO APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS AFTER BEING INTERVIEWED IN PERSON OR BY TELEPHONE. NEW YORK CITY APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

OHIO APPLICANTS: Do not report any arrest or conviction for a minor misdemeanor drug violation as defined under Ohio Rev. Code 2925.11.

OREGON APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF SELECTION FOR AN INTERVIEW, OR IF NO INTERVIEW, WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

PENNSYLVANIA APPLICANTS: Do not identify convictions for summary offenses. (PHILADELPHIA APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)

RHODE ISLAND APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.
The Company is subject to Chapters 29-38 of Title 28 of the General Laws of Rhode Island, and is therefore covered by the state's workers' compensation law.

Texas: AUSTIN APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a city or state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.

WASHINGTON APPLICANTS: Do not identify any conviction entered by the court more than 10 years ago unless some period of incarceration resulting from that conviction took place within the last ten years. Washington: SEATTLE APPLICANTS: Choose the answer: "I live in and/or am applying for a job in a state that does not require an answer at this time." YOU WILL BE ASKED TO ANSWER THE CRIMINAL HISTORY QUESTIONS WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CONDITIONAL OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT.)
zzz
Administrative Assistant - Region Talent Acquisition Partner
Work at Home
Thisposition provides administrative support for the Regional Director,specifically in the area of recruiting hourly associates. 90% of this job is onthe computer and using the phone to source, recruit and onboard new hires.

PrimaryDuties Include:

Proactivelycalling and emailing prospective candidates to recruit them to CVS
Detailedfollow up on the new hire process
Creatinga system to recruit across multiple states
Developand/or maintain databases/spreadsheets for department
Preparationof documents and presentations

Other Duties Include:

Createsand distributes professional correspondence to leaders, stores, colleagues,customers, and business partners
Answerphones
Direct incoming requests
Initiatecontacts as required
Establish appropriate contacts with other departments and externalcustomers
Serve as a backup to other administrative personnel
Edit and proofread documents ensuring accuracy and consistency ofcontent/style
Assist others to utilize corporate communication systems
Coordinateprojects delegated to the area
Retrieves, analyzes, organizes, and distributes operational reporting
Otheradministrative duties and projects as assigned

Required Qualifications


Applicant

should have proven experience with either project management or recruiting

•
Must be proficient in social media, with peak proficiency in Facebook
and LinkedIn

•
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint


Must have strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task, manage time

and work independently in a deadline-oriented environment


Excellent judgment and tact; able to maintain confidentiality,

demonstrate, trustworthiness and discretion


Ability to work effectively as a team member
Ability to initiate and take action when necessary
Reliable attendance

Preferred Qualifications
+2 Years Administrative Experience
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience in Pharmacy

Education
High School Degree

Business Overview
CVS Health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the U.S. We are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. What are we looking for in our colleagues? We seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. As the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy. Our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.
zzz
Drive Thru Attendant
Englewood, OH 45322
At Frisch's we pride ourselves on providing opportunity and advancement. Whether you are looking for a career in the Kitchen, as a Service Team Member or Restaurant Management, the Frisch's experience is equal parts service, food and fun and may be just the job opportunity you are looking for.As a Frisch’s employee you will enjoy much more than just a great work environment. We are constantly evolving! Our commitment to innovation means that every day you will work for a concept that is best in class. You will also have incredible opportunities to share in our on-going success!Job Type: Part-timeSalary: $8.50 to $9.50 /hour
zzz
Production General Labor - $19.55 Hourly Starting Wage
Hartford, WI 53027
Job Location
Hartford, WI US
Address
621 Wacker Dr (Hartford), WI 53027
Job Category
Manufacturing & Production
ABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)
Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Our employees make the difference, proving that great ideas, collaboration and quality turn possibilities into success. Working at Menasha Corporation means that your insights provide cutting-edge solutions for our customers. If you like to make things happen and are passionate about what you do, you’re going to want to be here.
Join us and become part of the power behind possible.
Shift Requirements
6pm-6am 3-4 days/week
About The Opportunity
Position Summary
This position will assist the operators at various machine centers throughout the plant during the shift to fill in for people when they are out ill, on a leave of absence or on vacation.
Key Duties And Responsibilities
Working in die cutting as the assistant operator
Working in the Automatan Room as an assistant operator
Working in Shipping as the Unitizer Operator
Working in Joining as the Asst B Operator on the Specialty Folder Gluers
Working on miscellaneous projects
Checking finished product for quality per customer specifications
Education / Certifications
Education Required
None
Education Desired
High School Diploma or Equivalent
Skills & Experience
Knowledge, Skills, Or Abilities Desired
The ability to read a tape measure/ ruler
Strong mathematical skills
Strong communication skills
Additional Requirements
Physical Requirements
The ability to lift up 60 lbs on a continual basis
The ability to visually distinguish color
About Menasha Packaging
Menasha Packaging Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of graphic consumer corrugated packaging, merchandising solutions, food packaging, shipping containers, material handling solutions, and pack-out and fulfillment services. As the largest independent retail-focused display and packaging company in North America we set new standards in sustainable packaging, and our printing and structural design capabilities are unrivaled in the industry. Our Retail Integration Institute (RII) Group uses an exclusive merchandising model with processes specifically designed to bridge the gap between consumer packaged goods companies and retailers. We currently operate seven RII campuses in geographically dispersed locations. Our 3,200+ employees include more than 100 designers and more than 50 project managers who, together with our highly skilled workforce, develop new, innovative and cutting-edge solutions for global customers. With over 40 locations we are geographically positioned to serve major food, beverage, consumer products, entertainment, electronics, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies with superior products and fulfillment services.

As an operating company of Menasha Corporation, we celebrate over 167 years of unwavering dedication to a sustainable business strategy that focuses on keeping pace with change and market trends. Menasha Corporation is a privately held company comprised of two subsidiaries: Menasha Packaging Company and ORBIS Corporation. As one of America’s oldest family-owned manufacturing companies, Menasha Corporation employs over 5,000 in over 100 facilities in North America and Europe.

Click here to view our two-minute video that shares a quick glimpse about Menasha Corporation and our exciting future.

Visit our careers site at http://careers.menasha.socialsourcingnetwork.com/ to learn more about working at Menasha and to stay connected to future job opportunities.

For more information about Menasha Packaging, please visit www.menashapackaging.com.
zzz
Clerical Technician
El Centro, CA 92243
Under general supervision, performs technical clerical functions requiring a high degree of skill and special knowledge related to a particular operation. Performs other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications:
High school equivalency with supplemental college courses in business, computer, or bookkeeping, and three years of increasingly responsible and complex clerical related experience.
Specific Skills/Requirements:
N/A

Licensing and Certification Requirements:
A valid driver's license issued by the State of California, Department of Motor Vehicles is required.
An official current driving record (obtained within the last six months) from your local State Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV) or from official DMV website must accompany job application (no third party records accepted).
Veterans' Preference (External Applicants Only): Submit DD form 214 or other evidence of veterans' status by job posting deadline.
Testing:
N/A
zzz
Clerk I (B) - Library
Kansas
THIS IS A PART-TIME POSITION, We are currently taking applications for future openings.

This is clerical and manual work which can be learned by training on the job and which requires limited judgment in its execution. Work may include making arithmetic or similar checks on the work of other employees, but not supervision, unless allowed temporarily over staff assisting with a task. These positions could include the following:

Shelving Duties: Shelving and sorting of library materials; Shelf Reading / Straightening books on shelves; Loading book trucks to be shelved.

Circulation Desk Duties: Checks books in and out; Register customers for library cards; Answer Phone; Sorting Deliveries; Answering questions for customers; Sorting/Packing Deliveries.

Other duties as assigned including: Sorting/Packing Deliveries

Schedule: To Be Determined based on branch location and will include evenings and weekends.

Examples of Work Performed:
Maintains files of correspondence, forms, reports, and other materials; files material alphabetically, numerically, or by other predetermined classification.
Picks up, sorts and sends out mail; places material in envelops or packages.
Assists in proofreading various written materials.
Repeats computations made by other clerks to check accuracy.
Performs simple posting to cost, voucher, individual account, or similar subsidiary records.
Completes tabulations from records at hand and prepares reports of a standardized and routine nature.
Performs simple arithmetic calculations manually or by using a calculator.
May deliver materials as required.
Answers phones and/or receives visitors, providing routine information, taking messages, and/or routing them to appropriate personnel.
For Library positions, assists customers at a service desk and/or via the telephone, loads library materials on a cart, and arranges materials on shelves as needed.
For Fire positions, sets up tables and chairs as required for meeting/training configurations, provides support to the Storekeeper in receiving inventory and entering information into appropriate database. Delivers supplies to appropriate fire stations weekly using City vehicle for transportation.
Dependent upon assignment, position may be required to travel to different work sites throughout the workday. Those positions will require reliable personal transportation.
These examples are not intended to be all-inclusive. Other related duties may be assigned as needed.

Requirements of Work:
Ability to deal tactfully and courteously with other employees and the public
Ability to learn, within a short period of time, office practices and procedures
Ability to write legibly
Ability to learn clerical assignments and develop skill in the operation of office machines within a short period of time
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with associates, and the public
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing
An employee shall not pose a direct threat to the health or safety of other individuals in the workplace In addition, for Fire positions:
Ability to accurately and efficiently use Microsoft Excel to enter data for inventory purposes.
Ability to stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, extend arms overhead repetitively to move equipment from box to cart for storage to a height up to 6 feet; regularly lift and carry bulky or oddly-shaped items up to 40 lbs. independently; occasionally lift and carry up to 70 lbs. independently; to lift up to 125 lbs. with assistance of another person or equipment such as a hand cart or lift. In addition, for Library positions:
Ability to perceive pertinent detail in verbal or tabular materials
Ability to observe differences in copy, to proofread words and numbers and avoid perception errors in arithmetic
Ability to: stand while moving about for up to 8 hours per shift, or stand stationary for up to 2 hours, on carpet, tile or concrete flooring; walk while pushing a loaded book cart weighing up to 250 lbs.; reach, bend, stoop, kneel and squat to arrange materials on shelves; extend arms overhead repetitively to return book, weighing as much as 10 lbs.; repetitively reach across body while handling up to 10 lbs.; and frequently lift to shoulder height, up to 50 lbs. and carry the load up to 5'

Required Experience and Training:
Six (6) months of entry level clerical office support work which includes sorting and filing required (only preferred for Library positions). Additionally, for Fire positions, proficiency with Excel will be tested as a pre-employment requirement. Equivalent combination of experience and training may be considered. Offers of employment are contingent upon passing a pre-employment physical, which includes drug screening, and upon satisfactory evaluation of the results of a criminal record check. This position will close when the applicant count reaches 50 or at position closing date, whichever comes first.
zzz
Amazon Seller Account Manager
Payson, UT
Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales and growth goals for our amazon account. Pay ultimately will depend on the success of our amazon sales.Do you want to work for a local Motorcycle & Powersports Parts Supplier with great benefits, a flexible, rewarding, and stable work place that values their employees? Do you want to work learning all about Motorcycle, ATV, UTV, and Snowmobile Parts? Do you have excellent typing skills & feel confident on the computer? Do you have a good memory & can follow directions well with great attention to detail?and,Most importantly, Do you have experience selling on Amazon or managing an Amazon seller account? (We would prefer someone with 2 years of Amazon selling or managing experience, but ultimately it comes down to how well you know Amazon)If so, then we are looking for you!!The position that we are hiring for is our Amazon Account Selling Manager.We have been selling for over 12 years on eBay. We have started to put our items up on Amazon also to help us branch out and grow.The successful candidate for this position will have the following skills.1. Ability to price items, taking into account all costs, fees and shipping, so that we are competitive and successful on amazon.2. The ability to work with Amazon to get GTIN expemptions.3. The ability to work with amazon to get our private label parts listed on amazon.4. The ability to become our Amazon selling expert.5. The ability to deal with any returns, problems or questions our Amazon customers will have. We will help you learn the skills you need to answer customer technical questions, or other staff can provide the answers you need to keep our Amazon customers happy.6. Being able to pack & ship items for our Amazon & eBay & other venue customers. We will provide all the training needed for this skill.7. It is important that you have excellent spelling & grammar skills. Your words to our customers & suppliers & Selling venues reflects on us as a company. (and you can correct my horrible grammar & spelling...)8. Being able to take pictures with a DLSR camera and work Adobe Lightroom is a plus, but not a must, we will provide the training if needed.9. Excellent typing skills are a must. Please provide your typing speed.10. Word & Excell skills are a plus.Where we have sold for so long on eBay, we already are experts on the eBay platform, we need someone to be our Amazon expert. If you have any experience with websites that would be helpful. We have a very nice website that we do not utilize as much as we should.We are looking for a Full time Employee to help us grow & succeed with this Manager level job. We will provide all the training & expertise needed to succeed in your new position. If you know amazon really well, we can help you learn the powersports industry.We're looking for a proactive and dependable individual who will contribute to the success of the company. For over 12 years, Main Street Muscle llc has provided powersport enthusiasts all over the world with new and used parts. Main Street Muscle llc has continued to grow each year and our dedicated team of employees has been an integral part of our success.What We Can Offer You : 1. Management Level Compensation2. Medical (full time position only)3. Dental (full time position only)4. Vision (full time position only)5. PTO6. Federal holidays Off7. Discounts on any item we sell or can get.8. Workers compWho You Are:If you're a Proactive, Passionate, Motivated, Reliable, Self Starting Problem Solver, and above all ready to keep Growing and Progressing, then this is the job for you!Skills:Being able to work one the computer is a must. Any skills with Amazon, eBay & website selling is a definite plus. A Good memory & attention to detail are very important.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES ESSENTIAL TO THE POSITION include, but are not limited to the the following:Assist Management with anything that needs to be done - including, but not limited to, helping pull items from the warehouse and pack them safely to ship to our customers all over the world. Seal, label and inspect items into company packaging. Editing pictures using a very simple program taking out shadows, brightening the picture & using contrast. Be responsible for cleaning up after yourself and others. Assist management with various reporting and clerical duties, data entry, parts research, asking questions and finding answers.As I'm sure you can see, there are many things that the successful candidate will be doing. Other duties will be assigned. Monitor warehouse and office doors to ensure tight security. Being on time and reliable using the employee time clock keeping up with daily task assignments and updates. Makes copies of paperwork & other printed materials.QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed. Excellent spelling & grammar are a must! Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and attention to detail. Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal abilities and enjoy working with others. Be able to multi-task and work well under pressure to get assigned tasks completed on time. Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to meet your scheduled hours. Ability to remember things that you have seen, done or were talked to about for longer than 7 work days in great detail. A valid drivers license is needed for this job. The successful candidate will be able to pass a drug screening and physical.Physical DemandsThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; and to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as needed. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40-75 pounds. We use E-verify to confirm eligibility to work in the USA.Main Street Muscle llc is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.Job Type: Full-timeHourly : $10.00 to $16.00 /hour to start, D.O.E, quick pay raises upon meeting sales goals and growth goals for our amazon account.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $10.00 to $16.00 /hourExperience:amazon sales account: 2 years (Required)Education:High school (Required)Language:english (Required)
zzz
Auto Damage Trainee
San Mateo, CA 94403
At GEICO, our Auto Damage Insurance Adjusters are the primary ambassadors of our renowned customer service and deliver on GEICO's promise "to be there".
Through our industry-leading, paid training, you'll learn the ins and outs of automobile damage to prepare you to directly assist our customers after accidents or other disasters. We'll equip you with the latest technology and all the tools you'll need to be successful. Our auto damage claims adjusters provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis by working in local drive-in locations, GEICO Auto Repair Xpress shops and the field.
As an Auto Damage Adjuster Trainee, you will:
Learn the ins and outs of automobile damage and insurance claims adjusting.
Provide outstanding customer service and efficiently handle case files.
Interact directly with customers while working in a local drive-in location, a GEICO Auto Repair Xpress® shop or as a field adjuster.
Be equipped with the latest tools and technology in auto adjusting.
Inspect and assess vehicle damage ranging from minor fender-benders to extensive damage caused by major accidents, hurricanes, floods and other disasters.
Estimate the cost of vehicle repairs, negotiate equitable settlements and issue payments.
Receive promotions based upon your performance.
For more info about being an auto damage adjuster, watch our videos:Adjuster Video 1 Adjuster Video 2
Degreed candidates with a 3.00 or higher GPA may also be considered for our Management Development Program, apply now and speak with our recruiter for additional details
Candidate Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Ability to attend an extensive 7-9 week training program that includes 3 weeks in Ashburn, VA
Solid computer, grammar and multi-tasking skills, and mechanical aptitude
Good customer service skills
Must be able to work flexible schedules and independently
Strong attention to detail, time management and decision-making skills
The position of AD trainee requires the candidates to hold and have held a valid driver’s license compliant with company underwriting standards for a minimum of three years, and to maintain applicable state and federal certifications and permits.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.
Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.
zzz
E-Commerce Website Development Maintenance for Drone-World.com
Yorba Linda, CA
Based in Yorba Linda, CA, Drone World (www.Drone-World.com) is a fast growing small business in a new and exciting industry. Drone World is an Online E-Commerce drone store looking for someone to help with our Magento website development. Including: Creating products/categories/landing pages, changing images & website promotions, basic programming(html/css), managing our our developers and tasks, reporting, etc.Full-Time: approximately 35-40 hours/weekLocation: YORBA LINDA, CA (must be local to work at our office)Compensation: $18-20/hr based on experienceOur Website:  www.drone-world.comSee Videos about us here:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTV4I-LsArCHgx8q721K7jAPOSITION DESCRIPTIONDevelopment: Website maintenance, optimization, basic programming (html/css) & formatting, creating landing pages, etc.Developer Management: Managing our developers, tasks, timelines, communications, testing, weekly meetings, etc.Data: creating products, categories, & other pages for our website. Changing images, banners, promotions, etc.General Internet Marketing & SEO/keyword Assistance.Completion of routinely scheduled and daily tasks, reports, research, etc.Working closely with, reporting to and assisting the VP of Marketing.Holding company policies and guidelines in the highest regard.REQUIREMENTSMinimum 1 year E-Commerce website experience required.Basic HTML, CSS knowledge required.Magento or Java Script knowledge preferred.Bachelor’s Degree and/or industry training/certifications preferred.General internet marketing & SEO knowledge is preferred.Proficient with Google Docs & Google Drive.Team oriented, proactive and enthusiastic.Organized, creative, open minded, eager to learn.Current authorization to work in the United States for any employer.CONTACTApply Now to this Job PostingInclude a copy of your resumeInclude any information or samples about your E-Commerce Website Experience, websites/pages worked on, etc.*We are an Equal Opportunity Employer*Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $20.00 /hourExperience:E-Commerce website: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Job Location:Yorba Linda, CA (Required)
zzz
Office Manager
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546
The ideal candidate will be able to "hit the ground running" to begin managing, performing and improving systems in the following areas:Banking and other money relationships; i.e. business loans, credit lines, accounts receivable, accounts payable, vendor and customer contracts, statements, late fees, finance charges, invoices, bills, checks, etc.Office Administration; to include bookkeeping, filing, answering phones, etc.Human Resources; to include payroll, employee handbook, etc.Transportation; to include fleet maintenance, new vehicle selection, financing and procurement, etc.Information Technology; to include internal IT support, new software and equipment selection, financing and procurement, etc.Inventory; to include materials, consumables, assets, office supplies, etc.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $15.00 to $20.00 /hourExperience:Quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)Office Management: 2 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred)Job Location:Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546 (Preferred)
zzz
Behavior Coach
San Mateo, CA
We have openings for the 2018-2019 school year for mental health coaches in the San Mateo County Area. Positions begin approximately August 8th and are full time (school days and school hours). Beacon School is a non-public school providing contracted mental health services within public school to Special Education services with a variety of disabilities (including Emotional Disturbance, learning disabilities, Autism, or speech and language issues). Coaches provide in-class behavioral support to Special Education students and consultation to teaching staff to help students manage their emotional needs in the classroom. Duties include providing academic and behavioral support to students; collecting behavioral data; collaborating to create Behavioral Intervention Plans; and professionally communicating with parents and staff.Qualified candidates must have a BA/BS in Education, Psychology, Counseling or related field; experience or desire to work with special education students with varying disabilities; excellent verbal and written communication skills; and a desire to work with individuals and families with mental health issues. This is an excellent opportunity for those considering a masters degree in education or clinical mental health. Candidates must past the CBEST within one academic year of employment.Bilingual English/Spanish candidates are encouraged to apply.We offer competitive salary and on the job training and benefits which include:-Health insurance and Opt-In Dental Insurance-401k and pension plan-Weekly group supervision modeled off of a clinical supervision model-Opportunity to collaborate and learn from mental health clinicians on a daily basis-Training on the IEP process, trauma informed interventions, and ABA (Autism) style supportsJob Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Required)
zzz
Day Camp Lead
Upland, CA
Day Camp LeadOutdoor JourneysCamp Blue SkyOutdoor Journeys is a non-profit youth development organization, which operates a Day Camp Program, Camp Blue Sky, near Upland California. Outdoor Journeys is looking for motivated individuals with a passion for working with youth to serve as Day Camp Lead.The PositionThe Day Camp Lead shall support the mission of Outdoor Journeys Camp Blue Sky in the delivery of the camp experience. All summer programs are hands-on and outdoor based. The Day Camp Lead will oversee the daily operations of the Day Camp locations and will lead the Day Camp Staff in order to provide a successful experience for the campers. The Day Camp Lead will be responsible for ensuring the safety of campers as they participate in a wide range of camp activities including arts and crafts, group games, Frisbee golf, scavenger hunts, indoor/outdoor games, relay games, basketball, wiffle ball, team building and leading songs/skits. The Day Camp Staff will report to the Day Camp Lead and the Day Camp Lead will in turn report directly to the Day Camp Program Director.Through the supportive guidance of camp staff, campers build their own unique community in which each member can experience a sense of belonging, connectedness, safety, acceptance and appreciation.The Candidate shall understand that he/she is an employee of Outdoor Journeys and shall conduct himself/herself as an ambassador of the organization.The key duties of the Day Camp Counselor will be: Oversee operations at one of various Day Camp locations.Manage and lead Day Camp StaffGuide groups of campers through full participation in all camp activities.Facilitate large and small group activities.Be a positive role model for campers.Monitor the health, well-being and safety of campers.Abide by and enforce camp policies.Punctual and prepared for training and when on duty.Communicate with campers, families and staff in a mature and professional manner at all times.Attend leadership training and staff training at Camp Nawakwa, located near Angelus Oaks CA.Maintain clean day camp and activity areas.Clean camp areas after programming.Keep campers safe at all times.Work with Camp Operations Manager for facility needs (housekeeping and maintenance).Attend Staff Meetings.Report directly to Day Camp Program Director.Other duties as assigned.Qualifications: At least 18 years of age.Desire and ability to work with children in the outdoors.Punctual and reliable transportation.MUST have a positive “can do” attitude, patience, enthusiasm, and integrity.Ability to manage multiple tasks and to be accountable.Ability to work with a wide-range of children, and staff members.Ability to take initiative and work both as a team and independently.Ability to lift up to 30 pounds and hike up to 5 miles.Current Red Cross First Aid & CPR preferred.Ability to pass background check & TB test.Compensation & Benefits: Dynamic work environmentCompetitive Salary (Salary depending on experience)Professional developmentJob Type: TemporarySalary: $78.00 to $84.00 /day
zzz
HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR I
Los Angeles County, CA
FIRST DAY OF FILING DATE: MARCH 16, 2018 at 8:00 a.m. (PST)
UNTIL THE NEEDS OF THE SERVICE ARE MET AND IS SUBJECT TO CLOSURE WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE

EXAM NUMBER: Y-8081-A

OPEN COMPETITIVE JOB OPPORTUNITY

SPECIAL SALARY INFORMATION
Management Appraisal of Performance Plan (MAPP)

This position is subject to the provisions of the Management Appraisal of Performance Plan (MAPP). Initial salary placement and subsequent salary adjustments will be made in accordance with MAPP guidelines and regulations.

REBULLETIN INFORMATION: THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS A REBULLETIN TO REOPEN THE EXAMINATION, AND TO INCLUDE LAC+USC MEDICAL CENTER INFORMATION. PERSONS WHO HAVE APPLIED WITHIN THE LAST TWELVE (12) MONTHS NEED NOT REAPPLY, BUT MAY SUBMIT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IF THEY WISH. THE INFORMATION MUST INCLUDE THE CORRECT EXAMINATION TITLE AND EXAMINATION NUMBER.

LAC+USC MEDICAL CENTER:
LAC+USC Medical Center is one of the busiest public hospitals in the Western United States and the largest single provider of healthcare in Los Angeles County, with FY 16-17 admissions of 29,130, outpatient visits of 497,596 and emergency room visits of 144,065. It provides healthcare services to the region's medically underserved and upholds a steadfast commitment to provide care to all in need of health care. The hospital is a Level-One trauma center and provides a full spectrum of emergency, inpatient and outpatient services on the medical campus, as well as psychiatric services for adults, adolescents and children.

Through its affiliations with the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California (USC) and the Los Angeles County College of Nursing and Allied Health, it is one of the premier academic teaching hospitals in the nation and one of the state's leading hospitals for training health professionals in nearly every medical specialty and subspecialty. LAC+USC Medical Center consists of 10,501 combined full-time, part time and contract employees and a medical staff of more than 1,500 attending physicians from the USC Keck School of Medicine. Care is also provided by 900 medical interns and residents, and about 3,000 nurses/nursing attendants of all levels including 1,900 registered nurses.

LAC+USC Medical Center is part of the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services (DHS), the second largest municipal health system in the nation. DHS operates four hospitals with a total of 1,443 beds: LAC+USC Medical Center, Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Olive View-UCLA Medical Center, and Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center. DHS also runs 19 health centers organized under the Ambulatory Care Network and partners with private, non-for-profit community clinics to expand access to primary care service for low-income, uninsured individuals. Through these and other patient-centered programs and services, DHS strives to improve quality of life for County residents.

DEFINITION:
This position serves as the Operations Officer at LAC+USC Medical Center. Executes and implements the strategic plan, and operational initiatives to support efficient processes, continuous organization improvement, and high reliability consistent with the Organization's mission, vision, and strategic direction.
Essential Job Functions
Participates as a key member of the Leadership team in ensuring the effective operation of the organization through the formulation of sound plans, policies, procedures, budgets, programs, goals, and objectives to meet the needs of the patients and community.
Actively participates in the development and achievement of key strategic goals and objectives within the organization which are aligned to the Department at large.
Ensures all activities meet the organization's needs related to quality and patient safety and maintains full accreditation and licensure by all regulatory agencies.
Ensures in developing and maintaining positive labor/management partnership through effective communications and collaboration.
Ensures that the hospital operations support, maintain, and promote a positive patient experience.
Serves as a role model in building a team and an organization that will be responsible and accountable for achieving the mission and financial/operational objectives of the hospital.
Requirements
SELECTION REQUIREMENTS:
Two (2) years' experience as an administrator or associate administrator at the level of Associate Hospital Administrator I* or higher of a Joint Commission accredited hospital of at least 100 beds. A Master's degree** in hospital administration or a Master's degree in business administration from an accredited** graduate school will be accepted for one year of the required experience.

PHYSICAL CLASS II– Light:
Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION:
Experience at the level of Associate Hospital Administrator I in the County of Los Angeles is defined as: Assists in the administration at one of the smaller hospitals.
**In order to receive credit for the Master's Degree, you must include a legible copy of the official diploma or official transcripts from the accreditation institution which shows the area of specialization with your application at the time of filing or fax the copy of degree to us within fifteen (15) calendar days from the date of filing your application online.
Additional Information
EXAMINATION CONTENT:
This examination will consist of an evaluation of experience based upon your application information, weighted 100%.

Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the examination in order to be placed on the eligible register.

ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION:
Applications will be processed on an "as-received" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly.

The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation.

No person may compete in this examination more than once every twelve (12) months.

VACANCY INFORMATION:
The resulting eligible register for this examination will be used to fill a vacancy at LAC+USC Medical Center, 1200 N. State Street, Los Angeles, CA 90032.

AVAILABLE SHIFT: Any

APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION:
APPLICATIONS MUST BE FILED ONLINE ONLY. APPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BY U.S. MAIL, FAX OR IN PERSON WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.

Apply online by clicking on the "Apply" tab for this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website.

All information is subject to verification. We may reject your application at any time during the examination and hiring process, including after appointment has been made. Falsification of any information may result in disqualification or rescission of appointment.

Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED.

Fill out your application completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the requirements. Provide any relevant education, training, and experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, description of work performed, and salary earned. If your application is incomplete, it will be rejected.

Applications electronically received after 5:00 p.m., PST, on the last day of filing will not be accepted.

NOTE: If you are unable to attach required documents, you must fax them to (323) 869-0942 or e-mail the documents to the exam analyst, within 15 calendar days of filing online. Please include the exam number and the exam title.

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number.

COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES:
For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County.

NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD:
All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member's or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record.

DEPARTMENT CONTACT:
Heba Darghli, Exam Analyst
(323) 914-8437
HDarghli@dhs.lacounty.gov

ADA COORDINATOR PHONE:
(323) 914-7111

California Relay Services Phone:
(800) 735-2922
zzz
3D Artist/Animator
Pasadena, CA
Tamadé is a data-driven Virtual Reality company. We are looking for a self-motivated and talented 3D artist who is ready to join our creative team from Spring 2018. As a 3D artist, you’ll be asked to help with a variety of tasks involved in the creation of assets for Unity integration such as animation, modeling, texturing.We’re seeking someone who is willing to take initiative and passionate about making high quality VR experiences. We’re constantly challenging ourselves to push the boundaries and looking for someone who is up for that challenge as well.Please find detail at https://www.tamade.co/workwithusPrimary ResponsibilitiesCreating assets that is ready for Unity integration: model high and low poly models, textures, and animation.Creating both stylize and realistic elements to fit the project needsCollaborating closely between artists and VR developers, under deadlines and time constraintsDesired skillsExceptional understanding of 3D (modeling, uv mapping, texturing, rendering, rigging, animation, lighting, and shaders) and Unity integrationExpert-level knowledge of Maya, Cinema 4D, Photoshop, Illustrator and/or related design tools.Technical knowledge about real-time shader creation is a plusIndependently self-motivated team player with excellent communication skills and strong eye for detailstrong graphic design/layout skillsAbility to learn new software tools and technologies and ability to troubleshoot technical problemsPositive, enthusiastic attitudeJob Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
zzz
Global Music Planning & Promotions Lead
Culver City, CA
Apple Music seeks a passionate, solutions-oriented Planning & Promotions Lead to lead high profile, international campaigns.
The Global Music Planning & Promotions Lead will be the center point for coordinating and communicating all international music promotions and features across iTunes and Apple Music.
The person will coordinate with a wide range of worldwide teams (Business, Marketing, Editorial/ Programming, Production, Operations and Engineering) to execute committed campaigns.
The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-moving, constantly evolving and dynamic environment, with the ability to identify opportunities, make informed and measured decisions, the communication skills to form consensus of opinion, the vision to create scalable processes and the attention-to-detail to execute to exceptional standards.
The successful candidate will have exceptional communication skills. This job is built around providing support to help teams in the US & Internationally deliver on their objectives within the guardrails of a large corporation. Enforcing strict processes is required to execute accordingly.
Key Qualifications
Proactive - This person should constantly be looking for potential problems with a project or ways to simplify processes. They should always be thinking about potential implications for different teams to help steer the direction of promotions and international featuring to the most efficient solution to meet the business requirements.
Exceptional communication skills required. This job is built around providing support to help teams in the US & Internationally implement their respective promotions. However, it also means enforcing strict processes required to execute accordingly.
This person should make themselves available to teams around the world as needed, potentially during off hours in order to best support markets operating in different time zones.
Strong understanding of US & International Music Business & Editorial teams' strategies & processes. Equivalent understanding of the Music Production processes for all tiers/types of promotions.
Description
Business team lead for coordinating and communicating all global /international music features across iTunes and Apple Music.
Collaborate globally across Business, Marketing, Editorial/ Programming, Production, Operations and Engineering teams to execute committed campaigns.
Manage direct communication regarding all promotions with multiple market impact & deliverables with worldwide music managers, editors, label reps and production leads.
Provide regular support and communication regarding updates to product functionality & behavior, internal tools development, production workflows and business/merchandising strategy and priorities.
Consult on merchandising plans with regards to international scalability, platform functionality and process for execution.
Work closely with the Music Features & Tools team, providing feedback and insights on development of existing as future Apple Music features, internal tools and on platform merchandising updates.
Oversee continued development and user training as the business lead for The Hub. Use feedback from worldwide users to request and prioritize enhancements and features in order to improve workflow efficiencies.
Develop new processes and workflows to better allow global teams to autonomously create, scale & implement international merchandising promotions across regions.
Conduct in-market trainings to ensure that teams are prepared to manage locally driven projects.
zzz
Gentlemens Club DJ
Los Angeles, CA 90046
Looking for someone with high energy to create a fun and inviting atmosphere for the customers.Must be able to follow directions.Must be able to work under pressure.Must be able to work any shift.Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
zzz
Copy Editor
Covina, CA 91724
Reasons to Believe is an international, outreach-oriented, science apologetics ministry. Our mission is to spread the Christian gospel by demonstrating that sound reason and scientific research—including the very latest discoveries—consistently support, rather than erode, confidence in the truth of the Bible and faith in the personal, transcendent God revealed in both Scripture and nature.

We are seeking a full-time copy editor to provide editing and proofreading skills for a variety of editorial/communications projects. Candidates must have three years of professional copy editing experience. To apply, click the apply button, register for an account, upload your résumé, and complete the application.

Responsibilities/Duties:
Edits copy written by a variety of authors to ensure consistency with Chicago Manual of Style and RTB house style guide
Ensures all copy is formatted correctly and follows layout guidelines
Proofreads and edits publications, articles, weekly digest, and web resources, promotional materials, educational materials, and more, providing technical and creative evaluation of content.
Assists in preparing e-book versions of manuscripts, proofreads e-book versions
Helps develop indexes for books
Competently communicates (verbally and in written form) with managers and directors on behalf of editorial to receive/return projects and explain deadlines, etc.
Helps fact-check manuscripts and edit endnotes
Writes copy as needed (e.g., for web and emails)
Handles editorial correspondence, such as updating and maintaining records, mailing out review copies, and assisting with book scheduling
Assists the editorial director and editor in chief with special projects and assignments as needed
Qualifications:
Proven editing and proofreading skills, with an eye for technical and creative evaluation of content
Detail oriented, with the ability to multitask
Demonstrated success in overseeing or contributing to a regular publication, both print and digital
Ability to maintain high-quality work while meeting tight deadlines, completing several assignments daily
Ability to work independently and as a team member, handling multiple projects simultaneously
Familiarity with Chicago Manual of Style preferred
Proficient in Microsoft Office (especially in Outlook and Word)
Knowledgeable in current internet technology trends such as WordPress, with a solid understanding of posting content online
Ability to learn new systems and techniques with efficiency
Emotional resilience, with the ability to communicate diplomatically to a variety of personalities and educational levels and to receive feedback with an eagerness to grow and adjust as needed
Ability to thrive and remain enthusiastic and gracious in a fast-paced environment
Bachelor’s degree preferred
Growing Christian and committed to RTB's mission and core values
zzz
